{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0502020104020203}Gill Sans MT;}{\f160\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f161\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f163\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f164\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f165\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f166\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f167\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f168\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f530\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Gill Sans MT CE;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid0{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0
\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\hres0\chhres0 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01\'01;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\hres0\chhres0 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'02;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\hres0\chhres0 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0
\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'03;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\hres0\chhres0 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01\'04;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\hres0\chhres0 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'05;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\hres0\chhres0 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0
\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'06;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\hres0\chhres0 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext
\'01\'07;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\hres0\chhres0 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow2\levelstartat1\levelnorestart\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\'08;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\hres0\chhres0 }{\listname 
NBOutline;}\listid123456789}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid123456789\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11106656\rsid11210736\rsid12541235}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.6818;}{\info{\operator Peter Elbow}
{\creatim\yr2006\mo10\dy9\hr23\min26}{\revtim\yr2006\mo11\dy8\hr13\min3}{\version3}{\edmins5}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords3145}{\nofchars17927}{\nofcharsws21030}{\vern16393}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 urn:schemas-microsoft-com:office:smarttags}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphauto1\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3
\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\nolnhtadjtbl\rsidroot11210736 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\headerr \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f37\insrsid11210736 \chpgn 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar
\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11210736 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\b\f37\insrsid11210736 Using the Collage for Collaborative Writing}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Peter Elbow
\par }\pard \ql \li2880\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin2880\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\fs20\insrsid11210736 In }{\i\f37\fs20\insrsid11210736 Composition Studies}{\f37\fs20\insrsid11210736  27.1 (Sprin}{\f37\fs20\insrsid12541235 g 1999): 7-14.  Reprinted in}{\f37\fs20\insrsid11210736  }{\i\f37\fs20\insrsid11210736 
Everyone Can Write: Essays Toward A Hopeful Theory of Writing and Teaching Writing.}{\f37\fs20\insrsid11210736   {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname City}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}Oxford{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} UP, 2000.}{
\f37\insrsid11210736\charrsid11210736 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 
\par }\pard \ql \fi576\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 Plenty of people have celebrated collaborative writing (e.g., Ede and Lunsford; LeFevre), so I can invoke the medieval trope of }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 occupatio}{\f37\insrsid11210736 :  I will }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 not}{
\f37\insrsid11210736  give all the reasons why collaborative writing is a good thing;  I will }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 not}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
 write about how frequently it occurs in the world and therefore how our students should learn to use it;  nor about the collaborative dimension of writing we think of
 as private;  nor about how collaborative writing helps students learn better because of all the pooling of information, ideas, and points of view;  nor about students who have hated writing because it makes them feel lonely and helpless but who come to l
ike it when they write with others;  nor will I cite the much cited Harvard research showing how students who study together get better grades (Light).
\par But I will mention in passing one interesting benefit of collaborative writing that I\rquote ve noticed but found under-celebrated.  When people write alone, they make countless simple and complex writerly decisions }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 tacitly}{
\f37\insrsid11210736 , instinctively--without articulating the reasons for them (for example, to start with this idea, or to move that point later in the paper, or to
 change a word or phrase to modify the voice or the relationship to the reader).  And that\rquote 
s as it should be:  tacit decisions are quicker and the writer is going by feel, by ear.  As Polanyi reminds us, our tacit knowledge always outstrips our conscious a
nd articulate knowledge.  But the process of writing with someone else forces us to put many these decisions into words.  If I say to my partner, \'93Let\rquote s start with this point,\'94
 I usually have to say why--especially if I am proposing a change.  And if my pa
rtner disagrees with me, he or she will naturally give reasons for the resistance.  In short the process of collaborative writing forces students to become more conscious and articulate about rhetorical decision making.
\par What I find under-represented in our professional literature about collaborative writing are the }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 problems}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
.  First, collaborative writing is difficult and often unpleasant.  When I used to force students to write essays in pairs or groups, at least half of them would say at the end that it wa
s the worst experience of the semester.  And when I gave them the choice, relatively few took it.  Collaborative writing may be jolly and social, but it takes a long time and leads to disagreements.  Is there anyone who has not vowed never again to engage
 in a piece of committee writing?  
\par Second, the writing that results from collaboration is often pretty bad.  It is likely to be bland because the parties have to agree and they can only agree on lowest-common-denominator thinking.  And there is often a dead, \'93committee\'94
 voice--no energy or presence.  The surest proof of the existence of God is the King James translation of the Bible:  only divine intervention could have permitted a committee to produce such wonderful prose.
\par Third, the collaborative process 
often silences weaker, minority, or marginal voices.  The assertive and entitled tend to carry the day.  Whenever there is a need for consensus in group work, there is great danger of silencing weaker voices (see Clarke and {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1
{\factoidname City}}Ede{\*\xmlclose}; Trimbur).  
\par In order to deal with this perplexity--that collaborative writing is at once so valuable, so important, and yet so problematic--I\rquote ve come to use the }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 collage}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
 in order to introduce collaboration in writing.  The term \'93collage\'94 was originally applied to visual art, 
but most of us are familiar with written collages:  single texts that consist of multiple and somewhat disconnected fragments.  A description of the collage first appeared in the pages of this journal (as }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Freshman English News}{
\f37\insrsid11210736 ) when Winston Weathers published \'93The Grammars of Style: New Options in Composition.\'94  I like to define the collage by sharing the simple directions I give to students for producing one:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-144\li864\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin864\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 \u144\'90Produce or gather as much of your writing on your topic as you can.  Go fast, don\rquote t worry.  Freewriting is a good method.  Take thoughts in any order.  (Option:  add fragments of writing by others.)
\par \u144\'90Go through what you have and choose the best or potentially best bits--freely cutting to create long and short sections.  
\par \u144\'90Revise what you have, mostly by cutting, not rewriting.  Cut paragraphs and sentences;  cut phrases and words.  It\rquote s amazing what is possible with just cutting.
\par \u144\'90Figure out a pleasing order for the bits:  perhaps logical, more likely intuitive and associative--maybe even random.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 For more about the collage, see my \'93Collage: Your Cheatin\rquote  Art\'94--and also the first workshop in Elbow and Belanoff.
\par }\pard \ql \fi576\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 Just as the solo collage serves as a bridge to the writing of regular essays, the collaborative collage serves as a bridge to full collaboration.
  But like the solo collage, the collaborative collage is valuable in its own right.  It can be as nice to stand on the bridge as on the other shore.  
\par The procedure for creating a collaborative collage is so easy and simple that it will make some people nervous.  Let me lay out the directions I give to pairs or small groups working together:  
\par }\pard \ql \fi-144\li864\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin864\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 \u144\'90Individually, write as much as you can about the topic.  Write your own thoughts.  It\rquote 
s fine to use rough, exploratory writing.  Try to exploit the insights, language, and energy that come from moving fast and getting caught up in your thinking and feeling.
\par \u144\'90There is an alternative first step you can use if you pre
fer.  Each person writes for ten or fifteen minutes--however he or she wants to start.  Then people switch papers for the next piece of writing so that what is written is some kind of response to what the first person wrote.  And so on.  This method adds 
m
ore of the quality of dialogue--thought answering thought.  But by the same token, it can reduce the amount of sheer diversity in the collage, because the writers are more in touch with each other.  In the first, nondialogical method, writers might well b
e in entirely different ball parks--which can be a genuine advantage.  
\par \u144\'90Individually, go back over what you yourself have written and choose the bits and sections you like most.  Some might be a page or more, others very short.  Choose at least twice as much material as you\rquote 
ll need for your contribution to the finished collage.  Clean them up enough to share, but there\rquote s no need to spend too much time on the job.
\par \u144\'90Together in your pair or group, read your individual pieces to each other.  (Or share them through silent reading.)
\par \u144\'90Together, agree on which pieces should be chosen for your collaborative collage.  (Ground rule:  no fair leaving anyone out--or letting anyone dominate the final version.)   
\par \u144\'90Together, give some feedback and suggestions in response to those pieces you have chosen.  But there\rquote s no need for agreement in your responses.  Just let everyone throw in their two cents.  (You\rquote 
ll also have to agree on whether the final revising and polishing of bits should be done by the original authors or by means of trading pieces with each other.)
\par \u144\'90Together, decide on a sequence for all the pieces you\rquote ve chosen.
\par \u144\'90Together, as part of this discussion about sequence, you may well decide you need some new pieces.  Good new ideas might have come up in discussion;  or you might realize that something important is missing.
\par \u144\'90Individually, write any necessary new pieces;  and revise and polish the chosen pieces.   
\par \u144\'90Together, look at what you have produced and decide whether to call it finished or to carry on with m
ore work:  for example, re-ordering of parts;  revising of parts;  writing new parts.  This decision is collaborative, but further work can be individual.
\par }\pard \ql \fi576\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 Note that some of these tasks require agreement, but many do not.  That is, there is genuine collabor
ation going on here--but only to a limited degree.  This makes it much easier on participants than full collaboration and gives them a good bridge from individual work to group work.  That is, participants }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 don\rquote t}{
\f37\insrsid11210736  have to agree on their ideas, thinking, conclusion, or thesis.  They }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 don\rquote t}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
 have to agree on language, wording, or phrasing.  There are none of those awful tippy-toe discussions or time wasting arguments about how to phrase something.  Nor about the voice or tone.  At every moment, individuals are en
tirely in charge of every piece with respect to thinking, wording, and voice--though of course these decisions are often influenced by comments and feedback from others.  
\par Yet genuine collaboration is also going on--in fact two levels of collaboration:
\par }\pard \ql \fi-144\li864\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin864\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 \u144\'90}{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Weak collaboration}{\f37\insrsid11210736 :  members read their writing to each other and give and receive individual responses from each other, and thereby }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 influence}{
\f37\insrsid11210736  each others\rquote  thinking and writing;  this collaboration has a substantive effect on the final outcome.  Yet this degree of collaboration is easy and nonstressful because participants don\rquote t have to agree.  
\par \u144\'90}{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Strong collaboration}{\f37\insrsid11210736 :  participants have to agree on which blips to use;  they have to agree on what order to put them in;  they have to agree on who does the revisi
ng;  they have to agree on whether more revising is needed or whether to call it finished.  Strong collaboration is harder because it requires agreement or consensus.  But the scope of what people have to agree on is pretty limited. 
\par }\pard \ql \fi576\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 Thus the collaborative
 collage speaks to the first problem of collaboration:  difficulty or unpleasantness.  But can it deal with the other two problems--weak or bland writing and the stifling of minority ideas and voices?  Obviously, it can.  
\par The collaborative collage invites all participants to stay in entirely charge of their own writing, and as a result the final product is richer and more complex than most collaborative writing.  (Even if members decide to revise each others\rquote 
 pieces, single individuals are in charge of thi
nking and language at any given moment.)  The final product contains multiple points of view, multiple voices, multiple styles--and as a result more tension and energy.  Minority ideas and thinking have not been left out.  In a collage, contrasts are a be
nefit, a source of energy that stimulates thinking in readers.  The collaborative collage is a gathering of pieces each written from an \'93I\'94 point of view--for the sake of a \'93we\'94 enterprise.
\par The process I\rquote ve described so far usually results in an }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 open}{\f37\insrsid11210736  collage--a collage with multiple and conflicting points of view.  If the students need to produce a }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 focused}{
\f37\insrsid11210736  collage, they must carry their partial collaboration a few steps further.  They needn\rquote t leave out any of the conflicting material, but they need to
 spend additional time discussing the thinking in their open collage and find a way to agree on a conclusion or at least a common point of view.  And then they need to write, add, arrange, or revise bits--again not taking away any of the contradictory mat
e
rial--in order to make the whole collage end up saying or implying their collaborative conclusion or point of view.  They can even stop short of full agreement if they can agree on where they disagree and articulate that meta-agreement--further spelling o
ut the implications of the various views and explaining what would need to be decided in order to settle their disagreement.  But it\rquote 
s important for students to realize that even though they reach ultimate agreement on a conclusion or point of view, the focused collage still can and really ought to contain wildly divergent and contradictory pieces.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 
\par }{\b\f37\insrsid11210736 Learning to Make Space for Other Voices}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
\par }\pard \ql \fi576\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 Let me briefly suggest three additional methods for helping solo writers begin to get comfortable collaborating with other writers.  These activities can serve as a bridge or introduction even to the mild collaboration I\rquote 
ve already described.
\par (1) The student writes a draft alone, but then shares that draft with one or more others and invites them to write out some of their o
wn thoughts in response:  new thoughts on the topic itself or thoughts about what the writer has said--perhaps even how it was said.  These responses go to the original writer who then gets to incorporate some passages from them into his or her piece.  Th
e writer can put these passages in quotation marks, or in a different type face, or even in a separate column running alongside the writer\rquote 
s own text.  Thus the single writer stays in complete charge of his or her text--but incorporates the voice of others.
\par (2) The student is writing about a topic while also doing lots of reading or interviewing about it.  The student is asked to produce not a conventional, research or documented essay, but a collage that contains extensive and extended quotations from the r
eading or interviews.  Again, the interjected material might be in long block quotations, in separate type-faces, or in a parallel column or two.  The goal here is to help students \'93place\'94
 their own thoughts and voices--in authoritative dialogue with the v
oices of others, especially of published writers.  That is, this procedure can help prevent two common problems in research or documented essays by students:  (a) essays where the writer says almost nothing and merely wholesales the ideas and voices of ot
hers;  (b) essays where the writer brings in nothing but perfunctory \'93quotes\'94 to back up what is essentially his or her own monologue.  
\par (3)  Students work in pairs (or trios) and start by writing a \'93real time\'94 dialogue:  they simply pass a sheet of paper b
ack and forth to each other so each can write a response to the previous turn.  (The process is even easier in an on-line classroom.)  If they want to avoid one writer having to wait while the other one is writing, they can even get two dialogues going on
 
two different topics.  This procedure can seem odd and artificial at first, but students get comfortable pretty quickly if we help them see that they are simply putting on paper what they do naturally and comfortably in spoken conversation.  They usually 
benefit from being encouraged to let the dialogue go where it wants to go, even if it wanders.  It\rquote 
s a voyage of thinking and discovery.  Then the students read over what they have created, and they collaborate on revising it into a satisfying and coherent dialogue.  This doesn\rquote 
t mean the organization or sequence of ideas has to be neat and tidy.  Think about Plato!  Thus the students have to agree about what the main line or direction should be, which parts to keep and discard, and how to arrange or rearran
ge.  But they each get to revise their own contributions.
\par These three processes help students get used to making good texts out of multiple thoughts and voices.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\b\f37\insrsid11210736 Using the Collaborative Collage as a Bridge Back to Better Solo Writing}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
\par }\pard \ql \fi576\li0\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 I like to use the coll
aborative collage to guide students not only toward better full collaboration, but also toward better solo writing.  That is, the experience of writing and sharing collaborative collages--and seeing the unexpected virtues of them can help students learn t
o
 get into their solo pieces some qualities that are rare and precious in writing:  conflicting ideas, multiple points of view, perplexity, tension, and complexity of structure.  The larger principle of learning that operates here (as articulated by Vygots
ky and Mead) is that we eventually learn to do by ourselves what we first learned to do socially in interaction with others.  We internalize the social process.  
\par That is, much }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 solo}{\f37\insrsid11210736  writing suffers from the same weakness that is found in much collaborative writing.  Many student writers, feeling a pressure always to have a clear \'93thesis,\'94
 end up settling for the lowest-common-denominator point that the various parts of the self can agree on.  They are tempted to stop writing when they feel perplexed or come 
across conflicting feelings and ideas--nervously sweeping complications under the rug.  Students have somehow been led to think that writing should always \'93flow\'94--a favorite word of praise--and thus that the texture should be seamless.  They don
\rquote t realize the pleasure and energy that comes from }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 bumps}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
.  In truth, most good solo writing represents a single writer having some internal dialogue with herself--having more than one point of view and using more than one voice.  Writing needs the drama of thinking and the performance of voices.  
\par All these virtues can be summed up in the catchword that we\rquote ve taken from Bakhtin\rquote s mouth: \'93dialogic.\'94  Fair enough.  But it\rquote s fruitful to encourage some notes of overt }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 dialogue}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
 into solo writing:  passages where the writer actually breaks out into a different voice and point of view.  It\rquote s not hard to create such passages by using launching pads like these:  \'93
Notice the complications we must consider, however, when we listen to the thoughts of someone who disagrees: \lquote  . . . .\rquote \'94  Or, \'93There are some serious objections, however, to what I have just been saying: \lquote . . . .\rquote \'94
  Or, \'93But wait a minute.  Let\rquote s look at this issue from a contrasting point of view: \lquote  . . . .\rquote \'94  In each case, the writer can carry on for a paragraph or lon
ger speaking in a different voice from a different point of view.  Of course it\rquote s hard to get full rhetorical control over multiple voices and points of view, but even when students don\rquote 
t handle the richness and complexity so well, they almost always gain 
powerful benefits to their thinking.  (Teachers have often found ways to give better grades to papers that fall down--when their downfall stems from the attempt to deal with complex thinking--than to seamless papers that settle for simple, obvious thinkin
g.) 
\par I\rquote 
m fascinated by the literal ability to talk to oneself--to give voice to the multiple views and consciousnesses that inhabit us.  The ability to have thoughtful dialogues with oneself may be one of the most important goals of schooling.  It is surely
 the mark of educated or developed persons to be able to engage in thinking and dialogue when there are no others around who are interested in their topic or interested in talking to them.  One of the biggest difficulties for adolescents in particular, is
 
that they feel so vulnerable to their peers and therefore find it hard to delve very far into issues or feelings or points of view that their peers ignore or scorn as weird.  One of the main things I want to teach my students is that they can pursue their
 ideas even when they feel alone and can\rquote t get others to listen.  
\par \tab \tab \tab *\tab *\tab *
\par To sum up.  My goal in this teaching activity is not just to make collaborative writing easier and more inviting, but also more complex and conflicted.  And in the end, the more las
ting goal may be to get richer thinking and more voices into solo writing as well.}{\f37\super\insrsid11210736 *}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
\par 
\par -----------------------------
\par }{\f37\super\insrsid11210736 *}{\f37\insrsid11210736 This essay is based on a paper I gave at a session on the collage that I organized at the annual convention of the Conference on College Composition and Communication in 1992.  Since that time I\rquote 
ve discussed it with countless people and gotten helpful feedback--for which I am grateful.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \tab \tab \tab }{\b\f37\insrsid11210736 Works Cited}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \fi-576\li576\ri0\sa120\widctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\tx9360\tx10080\tx10800\tx11520\tx12240\tx12960\tx13680\tx14400\wrapdefault\hyphpar0\faauto\rin0\lin576\itap0\pararsid11210736 {
\f37\insrsid11210736 Bakhtin, Mikhail.  \'93Discourse in the Novel.\'94  }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 The Dialogic Imagination:  Four Essays}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
.  Ed. Michael Holquist.  Trans. Caryl Emerson and Michal Holquist.  Austin:  U of Texas Press Slavic Series, no. 1, 1981.  259-422.
\par Clarke, Suzanne, and Lisa Ede.  \'93Collaboration, Resistance, and the Teaching of Writing.\'94  }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 The Right to Literacy}{\f37\insrsid11210736 
.  Ed. Andrea Lunsford, Helene Moglen, and James Slevin.  NY: Modern Language Association, 1990.
\par Ede, Lisa and Andrea Lunsford. }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Singular Texts/Plural Authors: Perspectives on Collaborative Writing}{\f37\insrsid11210736 . Carbondale IL: Southern Illinois UP: 1990.
\par Elbow, Peter. \'93Collage: Your Cheatin\rquote  Art.\'94  }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Writing On the Edge}{\f37\insrsid11210736  9.1 (fall/winter 1997/1998): 26-40
\par Elbow, Peter and Pat Belanoff.  }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 A Community of Writers:  A Workshop Course in Writing}{\f37\insrsid11210736 . Random House/McGraw Hill, 1989. 2nd edition 1994.
\par LeFevre, Karen Burke.  }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Invention as a Social Act}{\f37\insrsid11210736 .  {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname City}}Carbondale{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname State}}IL{\*\xmlclose}
{\*\xmlclose}: {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}Southern Illinois{\*\xmlclose} UP, 1987.
\par Light, Richard J.  }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Harvard Assessment Seminar:  Explorations with Student and Faculty about Teaching and Learning and Student Life}{\f37\insrsid11210736 .  {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname 
City}}Cambridge{\*\xmlclose}, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname State}}MA{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}: {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname PlaceName}}Harvard{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname PlaceName}}Graduate
{\*\xmlclose} {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname PlaceType}}School{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} of Education, 1990.
\par Mead, George H. }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Mind, Self, and Society}{\f37\insrsid11210736 . {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname City}}Chicago{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}: U of {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname City}}Chicago{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose} P, 1934.
\par Polanyi, Michael.  }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Personal Knowledge: Toward a Post-Critical Philosophy}{\f37\insrsid11210736 .  {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname State}}New York{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}
: Harper and Row, 1958.
\par Trimbur, John. \'93Consensus and Difference in Collaborative Learning.\'94 }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 College English}{\f37\insrsid11210736  51 (Oct 1989): 602-16.
\par Vygotsky, Lev. }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Mind in Society: The Development of Higher Psychological Processes}{\f37\insrsid11210736 . Ed. M. Cole, V. John-Steiner, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}S Scribner{\*\xmlclose}, and E. Souberman. 
{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname City}}Cambridge{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}: Harvard UP, 1978.
\par Weathers, Winston.  \'93The Grammars of Style: New Options in Composition.\'94 }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Freshman English News}{\f37\insrsid11210736  4.3 (Winter 1976): 1-4, 12-18.  Reprinted in Richard Graves\rquote  }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 Rhetoric 
and Composition: A Sourcebook for Teachers and Writers}{\f37\insrsid11210736 . 3rd Ed.  {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname City}}Portsmouth{\*\xmlclose}, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname State}}NH{\*\xmlclose}
{\*\xmlclose}: Boynton/Cook, Heinemann, 1990. 200-14.  Weathers has a book on the topic:  }{\i\f37\insrsid11210736 An Alternate Style: Options in Composition}{\f37\insrsid11210736 . {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname place}}{\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname 
City}}Portsmouth{\*\xmlclose}, {\*\xmlopen\xmlns1{\factoidname State}}NH{\*\xmlclose}{\*\xmlclose}: Boynton/Cook, Heinemann, 1980. 
\par 
\par }}