{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times;
\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;
\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Times new roman;
}
{\colortbl
;
\red127\green255\blue212;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red190\green190\blue190;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red50\green205\blue50;
\red176\green48\blue96;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red85\green107\blue47;
\red160\green32\blue240;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue0;
}
{\info
{\*\userprops
{\propname creator}\proptype30
{\staticval XMLmind FO Converter}
}
}
\facingp\margmirror\fet0\ftnbj
\sectd
\pghsxn15840\pgwsxn12240
\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800
\margmirsxn
\pgncont\pgndec
{\headerr
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\row
}
{\headerl
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\row
}
{\footerr
}
{\footerl
}
\pard\keepn\pagebb\sb210\qj\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
871—24.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
40
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(96) 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
Training extension benefits.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
24.40
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The purpose of training extension benefits is to provide the individual with continued eligibility for benefits so that the individual may pursue a training program for entry into a high-demand or high-technology occupation. Training extension benefits are available to an individual who was laid off or voluntarily quit with good cause attributable to the individual’s employer from full-time employment in a declining occupation or is involuntarily separated from full-time employment as a result of a permanent reduction of operations.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
24.40
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The weekly benefit amount shall be pursuant to the same terms and conditions as regular unemployment benefits and the benefits shall be for a maximum of 26 times the weekly benefit amount of the claim which resulted in eligibility. Both contributory and reimbursable employers shall be relieved of charges for training extension benefits.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
24.40
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The course or courses must be full-time enrollment for a high-demand or high-technology occupation. The department will make available to serve as a guide a list of high-demand, high-technology, and declining occupations. The lists shall be available on the department’s website and at workforce centers.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
High-technology occupations include life sciences, advanced manufacturing, biotechnology, alternative fuels, insurance, environmental technology, and technologically advanced green jobs. A high-technology occupation is one which requires a high degree of training in the sciences, engineering, or other advanced learning area and has work opportunities available in the labor market area or the state of Iowa.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
A high-demand occupation means an occupation in a labor market area or the state of Iowa as a whole in which the department determines that work opportunities are available.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
A declining occupation has a lack of sufficient current demand in the individual’s labor market area or the state of Iowa for the occupational skills possessed by the individual, and the lack of employment opportunities is expected to continue for an extended period of time.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
d. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
A declining occupation includes an occupation for which there is a seasonal variation in demand in the labor market or the state of Iowa, and the individual has no other skill for which there is a current demand.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
e. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
A declining or high-demand occupation will be determined by using Iowa labor market information for each region in the state.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
24.40
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The application for training benefits must be received within 30 days after state or federal benefits are exhausted. The individual must be enrolled and making satisfactory progress to complete the training program in order to continue to be eligible for training extension benefits.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
24.40
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(5)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Training benefits shall cease to be available if the training is completed; the individual quits the training course; the individual exhausts the training extension maximum benefit amount; or the individual fails to make satisfactory progress; and benefits shall cease no later than the end of the benefit year in which the individual became eligible for the benefits. Individuals must file and receive benefits under any federal or state unemployment insurance benefit program until the benefits have been exhausted, in order to maintain eligibility for training extension benefits.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
This rule is intended to implement 2009 Iowa Code Supplement section 
}
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.legis.iowa.gov/docs/ico/section/2009/96.3.pdf"}{\fldrslt
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
96.3(5)
}
}}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
.
}
\par
\pard\keep\sl180
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
[
}
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.legis.iowa.gov/docs/aco/arc/8711B.pdf"}{\fldrslt
{\plain\f4\fs16\b\cf2
ARC 8711B
}
}}
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
, IAB 5/5/10, effective 6/9/10; 
}
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.legis.iowa.gov/docs/aco/arc/3562C.pdf"}{\fldrslt
{\plain\f4\fs16\b\cf2
ARC 3562C
}
}}
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
, IAB 1/3/18, effective 2/7/18]
}
\par
\pard\sect
}
