{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times;
\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;
\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Times new roman;
}
{\colortbl
;
\red127\green255\blue212;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red190\green190\blue190;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red50\green205\blue50;
\red176\green48\blue96;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red85\green107\blue47;
\red160\green32\blue240;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue0;
}
{\info
{\*\userprops
{\propname creator}\proptype30
{\staticval XMLmind FO Converter}
}
}
\facingp\margmirror\fet0\ftnbj
\sectd
\pghsxn15840\pgwsxn12240
\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800
\margmirsxn
\footery1440
\pgncont\pgndec
{\headerr
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\row
}
{\headerl
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\row
}
{\footerr
}
{\footerl
}
\pard\keepn\pagebb\sb210\qj\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
655—6.3
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(152) Minimum standards of practice for licensed practical nurses.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
6.3(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The licensed practical nurse shall recognize and understand the legal implications within the scope of nursing practice. The licensed practical nurse shall perform services in the provision of supportive or restorative care under the supervision of a registered nurse or physician as defined in the Iowa Code.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
6.3(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The licensed practical nurse shall participate in the nursing process, consistent with accepted and prevailing practice, by assisting the registered nurse or physician. The licensed practical nurse may assist the registered nurse in monitoring, observing and reporting reactions to therapy.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
6.3(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The licensed practical nurse shall not perform any activity requiring the knowledge and skill ascribed to the registered nurse, including:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The initiation of or assessment related to procedures/therapies requiring the knowledge or skill level ascribed to the registered nurse.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The initiation of intravenous solutions, intravenous medications and blood components.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The administration of medicated intravenous solutions, intravenous medications and blood components.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
d. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The initiation or administration of medications requiring the knowledge or skill level currently ascribed to the registered nurse.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
6.3(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 A licensed practical nurse, under the supervision of a registered nurse, may engage in the limited scope of practice of intravenous therapy. The licensed practical nurse shall be educated and have documentation of competency in the limited scope of practice of intravenous therapy. Limited scope of practice of intravenous therapy may include:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Addition of intravenous solutions without adding medications to established peripheral intravenous sites.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Regulation of the rate of nonmedicated intravenous solutions to established peripheral intravenous sites.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Administration of maintenance doses of analgesics via the patient-controlled analgesia pump set at a lock-out interval to established peripheral intravenous sites.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
d. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Discontinuation of peripheral intravenous therapy.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
e. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Administration of a prefilled heparin or saline syringe flush, prepackaged by the manufacturer or premixed and labeled by a registered pharmacist or registered nurse, to an established peripheral lock, in a licensed hospital, a nursing facility or a certified end-stage renal dialysis unit.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
6.3(5)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 When nursing tasks are delegated by the registered nurse to the licensed practical nurse in a certified end-stage renal dialysis unit, the facility must have a written policy that defines the practice and written verification of the education and competency of the licensed practical nurse in accordance with the facility’s written policy. Nursing tasks which may be delegated to the licensed practical nurse for the sole purpose of hemodialysis treatment include:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Initiation and discontinuation of the hemodialysis treatment utilizing any of the following established vascular accesses: central line catheter, arteriovenous fistula, graft.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Administration, during hemodialysis treatment, of local anesthetic prior to cannulation of the vascular access site.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Administration of prescribed dosages of heparin solution or saline solution utilized in the initiation and discontinuation of hemodialysis.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
d. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Administration, during hemodialysis treatment via the extracorporeal circuit, of the routine intravenous medications erythropoietin, Vitamin D Analog, intravenous antibiotic solutions prepackaged by the manufacturer or premixed and labeled by a registered pharmacist or registered nurse, and iron, excluding any iron preparation that requires a test dose. The registered nurse shall administer the first dose of erythopoietin, Vitamin D Analog, antibiotics, and iron.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
6.3(6)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The licensed practical nurse may provide nursing care in an acute care setting. When the nursing care provided by the licensed practical nurse in an acute care setting requires the knowledge and skill level currently ascribed to the registered nurse, a registered nurse or physician must be present in the proximate area. Acute care settings requiring the knowledge and skill ascribed to the registered nurse include, but are not limited to:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Units where care of the unstable, critically ill, or critically injured individual is provided.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 General medical-surgical units.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Emergency departments.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
d. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Operating rooms. (A licensed practical nurse may assist with circulating duties when supervised by a registered nurse circulating in the same room.)
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
e. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Postanesthesia recovery units.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
f. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Hemodialysis units.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
g. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Labor and delivery/birthing units.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
h. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Mental health units.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
6.3(7)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The licensed practical nurse may provide nursing care in a non-acute care setting. When the nursing care provided by the licensed practical nurse in a non-acute care setting requires the knowledge and skill level currently ascribed to the registered nurse, the registered nurse or physician must be present in the proximate area. The non-acute care settings requiring the knowledge and skill level ascribed to the registered nurse include, but are not limited to:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Community health. (Subrules 6.6(1) and 6.6(4) are exceptions to the “proximate area” requirement.)
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 School nursing. (Subrules 6.6(2) and 6.6(3) are exceptions to the “proximate area” requirement.)
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Occupational nursing.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
d. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Correctional facilities.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
e. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Community mental health nursing.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
6.3(8)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The licensed practical nurse shall conduct nursing practice by respecting the rights of an individual or group.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
6.3(9)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The licensed practical nurse shall conduct nursing practice by respecting the confidentiality of an individual or group, unless obligated to disclose under proper authorization or legal compulsion.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
6.3(10)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The licensed practical nurse shall recognize and understand the legal implications of accountability. Accountability includes but need not be limited to the following:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Performing those activities and functions which require the knowledge and skill level currently ascribed to the licensed practical nurse and seeking assistance when activities and functions are beyond the licensee’s scope of preparation.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Accepting responsibility for performing assigned and delegated functions and informing the registered nurse when assigned and delegated functions are not executed.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Executing the medical regimen prescribed by a physician. In executing the medical regimen as prescribed by the physician, the licensed practical nurse shall exercise prudent judgment in accordance with minimum standards of nursing practice as defined in these rules. If the medical regimen prescribed by the physician is not carried out based on the licensed practical nurse’s prudent judgment, accountability shall include but need not be limited to the following:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Timely notification of the physician who prescribed the medical regimen that said order(s) was not executed and reason(s) for same.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Documentation on the medical record that the physician was notified and reason(s) for not executing the order(s).
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
d. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Wearing identification which clearly identifies the nurse as a licensed practical nurse when providing direct patient care unless wearing identification creates a safety or health risk for either the nurse or the patient.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
This rule is intended to implement Iowa Code chapters 152 and 152E.
}
\par
\pard\keep\sl180
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
[
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\b\cf2
ARC 9329B
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
, IAB 1/12/11, effective 2/16/11]
}
\par
\pard\sect
}
