{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times;
\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;
\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Times new roman;
}
{\colortbl
;
\red127\green255\blue212;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red190\green190\blue190;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red50\green205\blue50;
\red176\green48\blue96;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red85\green107\blue47;
\red160\green32\blue240;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue0;
}
{\info
{\*\userprops
{\propname creator}\proptype30
{\staticval XMLmind FO Converter}
}
}
\facingp\margmirror\fet0\ftnbj
\sectd
\pghsxn15840\pgwsxn12240
\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800
\margmirsxn
\footery1440
\pgncont\pgndec
{\headerr
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\row
}
{\headerl
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\row
}
{\footerr
}
{\footerl
}
\pard\keepn\pagebb\sb210\qj\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
261—116.5
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(84GA,SF517) Approval, issuance and distribution of investment tax credits.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
116.5(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Approval and issuance.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Upon verification and registration by the authority of an innovation fund, the authority, upon approval by the board, shall issue a tax credit certificate to the applicant. Applicants shall receive tax credit certificates on a first-come, first-served basis until the maximum aggregate amount of credits authorized for issuance has been reached for any fiscal year.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
116.5(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Carry forward.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 If, during any fiscal year during which tax credits are to be issued under this chapter, applications totaling more than the maximum aggregate amount are received and approved, the applications will be carried forward and prioritized to receive tax credit certificates on a first-come, first-served basis in subsequent fiscal years.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
When carrying forward and prioritizing such applications, the authority shall (1) issue tax credit certificates to the taxpayers for such carryover tax credits before issuing any new tax credits to later applicants, and (2) apply the aggregate amount of the credits carried over against the total amount of tax credits to be issued during the subsequent fiscal year before approving or issuing additional tax credits.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
116.5(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Preparation of the certificate.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The tax credit certificate shall be in a form approved by the authority and shall contain the taxpayer’s name, address, and tax identification number, the amount of credit, the name of the innovation fund, the year in which the credit may be redeemed and any other information that may be required by the department of revenue. In addition, the tax credit certificate shall contain the following statement:
}
\par
\pard\qj\li720\ri720\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Neither the authority nor the board has recommended or approved this investment or passed on the merits or risks of such investment. Investors should rely solely on their own investigation and analysis and seek investment, financial, legal and tax advice before making their own decision regarding investment in this enterprise.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
116.5(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Credit amount.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 A tax credit for investment in an innovation fund is equal to 20 percent of the taxpayer’s equity investment in the fund.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
116.5(5)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Maximum aggregate limitation.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The maximum aggregate amount of tax credits issued pursuant to this chapter shall not exceed the amount allocated by the board pursuant to Iowa Code section 15.119, subsection 2. For fiscal year 2012 and all subsequent fiscal years, that amount is $8 million.
}
\par
\pard\keep\sl180
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
[
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\b\cf2
ARC 0009C
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
, IAB 2/8/12, effective 3/14/12]
}
\par
\pard\sect
}
