{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang1033 {\fonttbl
{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 SYSTEM;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 HELVETICA;}
{\f2\froman\fcharset0 TIMES;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset0 TIMES NEW ROMAN;}
{\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 COURIER;}
}

{\colortbl
\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green128\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green128\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
\paperw12240\paperh15840 \margr1800\margl1800\margt1440\margb1440\ATXph0 \plain \fs20 \ri1800 \f3 \fs24 
\par \f1 \fs46 \b 9. \ul \ATXul1024 Resolving Disturbed Schem
as
\par \f2 \fs18 \b0 \ulnone \ATXul0 In this chapter, we provide guidelines for therapeutic interventions that follow from a systematic assessment of central disrupted needs and schemas. First, we describe general principles for guiding the process of 
schema change and transformation. Next, we describe specific in- terventions aimed at gently challenging disturbed schemas in the seven need areas.
\par \b A METAPHOR FOR THE THERAPEUTIC PROCESS OF SCHEMA CHANGE
\par The Allego-/ of Plato's Cave \b0 Th
e process of therapy can be likened to the process of enlightenment, where initiates emerge from the darkness of a distorted state of mind to one in which they are transformed by a fresh, truer view of themselves and the world. The allegory of Plato's ca
ve from \i The Republic \i0 0owett, 1968) is a metaphor for the process of healing and recovery. Here we offer excerpts from this masterpiece as a context for later sections on the therapy process. Our own psychological analysis follows certain segments.
 And now, I said, let me show in a figure how far our nature is enlightened or unenlightened: gehold! Human beings housed in an underground cave, which has a long entrance toward the light and as wide as the interior of the cave: here they have been from
 their childhood, and have their legs and necks chained, so that they cannot move and can only see before them, being prevented by the chains from turning round their heads. (p. 376)
\par Plato goes on to describe how the prisoners are unable to see the
 world outside, but have come to believe that the shadows on the wall represent reality. The cave can be viewed as a metaphor for the experience of traumatization. Here, the persons are prisoners, being unable to view the world or themselves in a clear l
ight because they are chained to the walls from childhood. The victims see, as if through a glass darkly, a distorted view of self and humanity that has become their unique reality. Plato next describes the process people undergo when they move from a st
ate of unconsciousness or unenlightenment to consciousness and insight. And now look again, and see in what manner they would be released from their bonds, and cured of their error, whether the process would be naturally as follows. At first, when any of
 them is liberated and compelled suddenly to stand up and turn his neck round and walk and look toward the light, he will suffer sharp pains; the glare will distress him and he will be unable to see the realities of which in his former state he had seen 
the shadows. (p. 377) The process of enlightenment (insight) described here is a difficult one which initially causes deep pain and anguish. This section of the metaphor underscores the need to respect and understand how painful \b this \b0 process is fo
r victims and to recognize that altering one's views about self and the world cannot occur instantly. Instead, a gradual process occurs which is less psychologically shocking for the victim. Plato goes on to write that, initially, the released prisoners 
will hold onto their previous world views, being unable to assimilate a new vision of reality. Resistance is represented here, for in resistance the individual clings \b to \b0 his or her former reality with a passion. Although the person has begun to co
me out of the cave into the light of greater awareness, he or she resists the therapist's attempts to point out a new reality. This process is so shocking and painful because the therapist is presenting a new view that is discrepant with the former view 
of self and the world. Despite how restricting it was to be chained to the walls of the cave, this old reality was known, and thus safer, less threatening. Plato goes on to paint a vivid picture of what happens if the person is faced with the new reality
 too abruptly, through force or confrontation: And if he is compelled to look straight at the light, will he not have a pain in his eyes which will make him turn away to take\page 
\par refuge in the objects of vision which he can see, and which he will
 now conceive to be in reality clearer than the things which are now being shown to him? (Reply) True, he said. And suppose once more he is reluctantly dragged up that steep and rugged ascent, and held fast until he is forced into the presence of the sun
 himself, is he not likely to be pained and irritated? When he approaches the light his eyes will be dazzled, and he will not be able to see anything at all of what are now called realities. (p. 377) The importance of gradually presenting discrepancy bet
ween old and new realities is the major theme of this passage. Dragging individuals into the light suddenly or forcefully will blind them psychologically. They will be disoriented, pained, and irritated. Thus, confrontive ap- proaches which push too hard
 and too fast are likely to have the opposite result from what is desired. The person is traumatized and retreats back into the safe haven of his or her former life. How then does Plato suggest that persons change and integrate new insights? [Reply] Not 
all in a moment, he said. He will require to grow accustomed to the sight of the upper world. And first he will see the shadows, next the reflection of men and other objects in the water, and then the objects themselves. Last of all he will be able to se
e the sun, not turning aside to the illusory reflection of him in the water, but gazing directly at him in his own proper place, and contemplating him as he is. (pp. 377-378) Here we see the gradual process of accommodation as the person moves from blind
ness to catching a glimpse of the new reality. Plato's allegory of the cave thus offers us a fresh view of the meaning of schema transformation among traumatized persons, a process that will be described subsequently.
\par \b Restoring Balanced Needs an
d Positive Schemas
\par \b0 A star looks down at me, And says, "Here I and you Stand, each in our degree. What do you mean to do,- Mean to do?" I say: "For all I know, Wait, and let time go by,
\par Till my change come,--"Just so." The star says: "So m
ean I:\fs14 \up5 m \fs18 \up0 So mean I."
\par \i Waiting Both \i0 Thomas Hardy (Puk, 1978)
\par Here we describe general guidelines for restoring or creating a balance among needs, challenging disturbed schemas, and restoring or building positive sche
mas. As in Plato's cave, the victim who has grown ac- customed to darkness, who has been deprived of basic needs, who has had his or her self-image and view of the world shattered or distorted, will find it psychologically shocking to be forced out of th
e darkness into the light, particularly if this process does not take place gradually and very gently. Furthermore, there will be a period of time during which the individual will resist any interventions that challenge his or her disturbed schemas or wh
ich threaten to uncover disturbed, affec- tively powerful schemas that are unconscious. The changes that are brought about by trauma are themselves shocking and most trauma survivors require time before they are prepared for additional change, even if it
 is positive. The Thomas Hardy poem reminds us of the importance of patience and time in the process of change. Finally, it is important to remember that the most disturbed, affectively painful schemas may be activated but out of conscious awareness beca
use of the threat they pose to affect regulation (Westen, 1989). Furthermore, the client may reveal these disturbed schemas symbolically or behaviorally at first. With regard to this issue, Westen (1989) writes a concept of self as seductress is surely a
ctive when a victim of sexual abuse finds herself compelled to seduce older, married men, or when she finds herself inexplicably depressed during a love affair, but it may well not be conscious .... [However], she could only begin reporting the self-as-s
eductress schema after much tremendously painful work in the context of a therapeutic rela- tionship. (pp. 16, 18) The above quote underscores the importance of building a strong alliance in a safe environment before survivors can uncover and reveal sche
mas that are associated with painful affective states, such as shame and self-loathing. We do not condone so-called "confrontive" approaches because they are often experienced as hostile, challenging, and intrusive. Therapists\page 
\par often utilize t
hese techniques without being tuned in to the individual's self capacities and psychological needs, thus risking a retraumatization of the client who is not ready to assimilate these new ideas into existing meaning systems. Furthermore, we do not advocat
e techniques which are aimed at cognitive restructuring of disturbed schemas as the primary focus of therapy. Although encouraging clients to view their experiences in new ways is important, we agree with Roth (1989) that early cognitive behavioral inter
ventions may impede the process of gradual approach and integration of traumatic memories by giving clients the message that thinking about the traumatic material is dangerous. In this regard, it is essential to help clients regulate an appropriate balan
ce between approach and avoidance (Roth & Cohen, 1986) as they gradually learn to acknowledge and integrate the painful affects connected with disturbed, activated schemas. We do not mean to imply that the therapist should never be direct, or move the cl
ient toward growth, or challenge the client. However, these interventions, as all others, must be planned within the context of the client's capacities, respectful of the client's dignity, and based in an understanding of the client's current therapeutic
 need rather than, as is sometimes the case with such interventions, a result of the therapist's frustration. The following principles are useful as a general guide to helping clients change gradually, as well as motivating them to integrate these change
s into the self. 1. The major focus of treatment should be, above everything else, to be respectful of the individual's central needs and their meanings to the individual. For example, if an individual is experiencing high needs for support, the therapis
t should not challenge him or her to become more independent, just as one would not challenge an individual with central independence needs suddenly to become more dependent. 2. The individual should be encouraged gently to explore the adaptive value of 
his or her disturbed schemas. For example, a person may be distrustful and unable to depend on others because s/he is afraid of being hurt and betrayed, just as a person may feel disconnected and unable to love because s/he is terrified of another trauma
tic loss. The defensive value of certain needs and schemas thus must be understood and explored thoroughly before they are challenged, This should be the case even if the therapist perceives these disturbed needs and schemas as maladaptive to the indi- v
idual. Although the needs and schemas may be maladaptive in
\par the person's current life, it is important to keep in mind that they served an adaptive function at some point and may be perceived by the individual as essential to his or her psychologic
al well- being. 3. It is also important to remember that seemingly positive life experiences, such as establishing a relationship with a caring, supportive person or reaching out to others, may be very threat- ening to some people because of the challeng
e this may pose to their central needs and schemas. In this instance, accommodation would be necessary for the individual to bend his or her schemas to fit a new post-trauma reality. For example, within the area of self-esteem, it could be potentially de
vastating to an individual to hear from the therapist that s/he is not to blame and is really a good person. The possible reasons for this are many, but might include the fact that the damaged esteem is a protection against rage against others (thus thre
atening affect tolerance, etc.) or that it is a control strategy that enables the person to make sense of an otherwise incomprehensible event (Janoff-Bulman, 1979). Like- wise, the experience of the therapist as a caring, warm person may be, in some ways
, more psychologically discrepant than if the therapist lived up to the individual's expectation of being disappointed in all relationships. Returning to Plato's metaphor, the goal should be to have the person gradually gaze at the shadows before staring
 straight at the sun. This generally means that discrepancy should be presented in tolerable doses, allowing the person to accommodate to a new reality by gradually altering disturbed schemas. If this process takes place too quickly, the person will flee
 from therapy or become avoidant. 4. The most disturbed or disrupted schemas may be largely uncon- scious and may be associated with powerful affective states. Al- though we describe schemas as beliefs, assumptions, and ex- pectations, it is important to
 keep in mind that individuals may have conflicting sets of schemas within certain areas, one set which is consciously accessible and the other which is largely unconscious. Most often, the most damaged schemas are those that emerge at first only symboli
cally or indirectly through behavioral reenact- ments or repetitive life patterns. Thus, these disturbed schemas, often associated with shame, fear, or rage, will often be made conscious and expressed only within the context of a safe and trusting therap
eutic relationship. A premature exploration or inter-\page 
\par pretation of these unconscious schemas will produce distress and possible withdrawal from therapy. 5. Finally, it is important to be flexible with one's treatment approach, varying the sty
le and pacing of interventions to be closely attuned to the unique self capacities and needs of the individual as well as to his or her current psychological struggles. Although our general approach to therapy tends to be broadly psychodynamic and interp
ersonal, we sometimes find it helpful to utilize techniques from other approaches as they are useful in intervening with specific disturbed schemas. At times, an eclectic approach may reflect a lack of clarity about what one does or how one concep- tuali
zes cases. However, this is not the case when one has made a thorough assessment that is derived from a coherent theoretical framework. In the following sections, we offer clinical vignettes in which disturbed schemas are explored and provide suggestions
 for interventions focused on restoring positive schemas in specific areas.
\par \b FRAME OF REFERENCE
\par \f1 Case Example of Disturbed Frame of Reference Schemas \f2 \b0 A central aspect of memory work is struggling with the individual's attribution
s of causality, which we relate to the need for a frame of reference. Most often, the focal question becomes, "Why did this happen to me?".(Figley, 1983; Janoff-Bulman, 1979). As each memory fragment is recovered and processed, this question continues to
 be a pressing concern for many trauma survivors. Ralph, a 40-year-old Vietnam veteran, was obsessed with discov- ering the reason that his entire unit, except for himself, was destroyed on a mission. It was intolerable for him to consider that this was 
a random event because he could not accept life events as unpredictable and uncontrollable. His obsession was whether, in the minutes before the ambush, he had missed some clue to the impending disaster. He was haunted by the question, "Did I screw up?" 
In the following interview, Ralph struggles to make sense of what happened:
\par \i Therapist: \i0 Try to tell me exactly what you remember right before the boat was blown up.
\par \i Ralph: \i0 I remember being on lookout. Everything was incredibly qu
iet. I was looking out toward the jungle. When we were on lookout, you could hear the enemy breathing, that was how charged up we were. \i Therapist: \i0 And do you remember hearing anything? \i Ralph: \i0 I didn't hear anything. It was so quiet. \i Ther
apist: \i0 And then what happened? \i Ralph: \i0 The next thing I remember was hearing the rocket come toward the boat. It was so fast, it was like it was happening before we even had any warning. \i Therapist: \i0 What happened next? \i Ralph: \i0 I don
't really know. I only know what they told me later. I guess I was blown out of the front of the boat and everything else exploded. They were wasted \i (tears began to form in his eyes).
\par lterapist: \i0 I can only imagine the pain you must have felt
 to learn that your whole unit had died.
\par \i Ralph: (Angrily) \i0 It just doesn't make any sense. It shouldn't have happened. In the Navy, these things don't happen on river patrol. We had the big guns. It was like we were set up. \i Therapist: \i0 
Tell me more about that.
\par \b \i Ralph: \b0 \i0 It was like they were just waiting for us. But I should have heard something, I should have been able to sense they were there.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 But every time we've gone over your memory, you di
dn't hear anything, there was no warning. \i Ralph: \i0 Yeah, but how do I know I wasn't off that day and that I screwed up because I was off? \i Therapist: \i0 Is there any way you can check that out with yourself?. \b \i Ralph: \b0 \i0 I keep going ove
r it again and again in my mind and I can't find anything.\page 
\par \i Therapist: \i0 Then perhaps the truth is as you remember it: The enemy was waiting for you and you had no warning that they were going to attack. \i Ralph: \i0 I find that hard to 
accept. It doesn't make any sense. We were the biggest, the best. We always told ourselves that we would never die because our unit was the best. \i Therapist: \i0 And yet, even among the best units, men were killed and it doesn't make a lot of sense. 
\i Ralph: \i0 It sure doesn't. It makes me think that the world is a pretty screwed up place if you do your best and you get blown away anyway. \i Therapist: \i0 It must be painful to accept that the world sometimes doesn't make any sense and that terrible
 things happen, even when we do everything we can to prevent them from happening. \i Ralph: \i0 But I still don't understand why I was the only one to survive. If that's true, then I should have died too. \fs10 , \fs18 \i Therapist: \i0 Then I guess we n
eed to keep trying to understand what this means to you and how you can someday find peace with this question. In Ralph's case, his disturbed schemas regarding frame of reference, unaddressed for 20 years after the war, led to a generalized feeling of un
worthiness, a belief that he has a terrible power to destroy everything in his path, and a sense of meaninglessness and hopelessness about life in general. As Frankl (1963) and others have pointed out, working through these questions of causality and mea
ning is essential to transforming traumatic experiences; this is central to the healing process. Within the coping literature, people have written extensively about the relation between attributions of causality and mood (e.g., Abramson, Seligman, & Teas
dale, 1978; Beck, 1967). In the trauma literature, Janoff- Bulman (1979, 1982) and Wortman (1983) have explored the adaptive significance of self-blame among rape victims. These writers have fo- cused on attributions as control strategies that help peopl
e cope with stressful life events. While there was early evidence that self-blame might be adaptive for victims (Baum, Fleming, & Singer, 1983; Bulman & Wortman, \i 1977; \i0 Chodoff, Friedman, & Hamburg, 1964; Janoff-Bulman,
\par 1979; Timko & Janoff-B
ulman, 1984), this has not been borne out by later research (Meyer & Taylor, 1986). Janoff-Bulman (1979) proposes a useful distinction between behavioral and characterological self-blame to sort out these mixed findings. Ad- ditional clarification can be
 obtained by examining individuals' causal attributions in the context of their self development. By uncovering the unique meanings of attributions of causality for each individual, the therapist can begin to assess whether self-blame is useful or destru
ctive in each specific situation. We believe that individuals who have impaired capacities for affect regulation and moderating self-loathing are most vulnerable to a destructive impact of self-blame. Conversely, individuals with strong resources and cap
acities who have high needs for inde- pendence may find behavioral self-blame strategies comforting. In general, individuals must resolve disturbances in frame of reference schemas, both those concerning causality and those concerning hope, in their own 
way and in their own time. As with the other areas, we do not advocate directly challenging these schemas, particularly at an intellectual level. Rather, we see the therapist's role as working with the client to understand the various meanings of these s
chemas and gently exploring other interpretations. As the therapist and client ex- amine these schemas time and time again in the light of their current understanding, a new frame of reference gradually emerges. At all times, the therapist is merely a gu
ide; he or she has a general map but the client will need to fill in the details in ways that are unique to him or her.
\par \f1 \b SAFETY
\par \f2 Case Example of Disturbed Safety Schemas \b0 The following excerpt of an early session with Matilda, an 
incest survivor in her 20s, is an example of how to listen for and explore themes concerning safety. The clinical presentation was one of gener- alized, nonspecific anxiety; social isolation; a history of revictimization by abusive men; and chronic depre
ssion. There were no overt intrusive symptoms, nor had Matilda consciously remembered the details of the incest until she saw the movie \i Something about Amelia, \i0 which led her to enter therapy. In the fourth session, Matilda was talking about how is
olated and alone she felt and yet how difficult it was for her to be in social situations with men:\page 
\par \i Matilda: \i0 It's hard to describe. Sometimes I become nervous, not myself when I'm around strange men, like I just want to run away. \i Th
erapist: \i0 Can you tell me about the last time you felt this way? \i Matilda: \i0 Urn, I was at a cocktail party at work with some people from the company. I knew a few people but a lot of them were strangers. This strange man came up and started talki
ng to me, asking me about myself. I got real nervous, felt kind of shaky, and then excused myself to go to the bathroom. \i Therapist: \i0 So you were feeling anxious, shaky. Do you remember the thoughts that were going through your mind at the time? \i 
Matilda: \i0 I don't really remember. I went into the bathroom and put on some makeup to try to calm myself down. \i Therapist: \i0 Yes, go on. \i Matilda: \i0 I do remember saying to myself, "You really know how to pick them." I felt crummy, like I want
ed to go home. \i Therapist: \i0 When you thought, "You really know how to pick them," what did you mean by that? \i Matilda: \i0 Well, I guess I was thinking that he's probably like a lot of men I've known, bad for me. \i Therapist: \i0 In what way? \i 
Matilda: \i0 I guess because he would hurt me, do something bad to \fs14 me. \fs18 \i Therapist: \i0 How might he hurt you? \i Matilda: \i0 I don't really know, but somehow he'd figure out how to get to me, he'd find out where I'm vulnerable. \i Therapis
t: \i0 Tell me more about that.., how would he know how to hurt you? \i Matilda: \i0 Well, maybe because it's like I'm wearing a sign on my back saying, "Kick me." These kind of guys just seem to gravitate toward me. If I let down my guard, they'll take 
advantage.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 What does that mean to you? \i Matilda: \i0 I just become defenseless, like I'm a little girl who can' stand up for herself. \i Therapist: \i0 You feel like you couldn't protect yourself?. \i Matilda: \i0 No way, I've n
ever known how. Bad things just keep on happening to me with guys a/d dI_o3nt know how to make them stop. \i Therapist: \i0 I imagine that makes you feel very vulnerable and unsafe. It's understandable then that you would want to avoid situations that ma
ke you feel like that. \i Matilda: \i0 Yeah, I guess I've felt that way most of my life, like there isn't any safe place in the world for me. \i Therapist: \i0 That must be a very painful and scary feeling. Can you tell me more about some of those other 
times when you've felt unsafe? In this session, the therapist was alert to potential concerns about safety, probed into the schemas that had developed in this area, and began to establish links between these feelings and specific events in the client's l
ife. The therapist also made a mental note that the client was implying a diminished capacity to establish appropriate boundaries between self and others in order to protect herself. Furthermore, she hypothesized that these disturbed schemas might be lin
ked to disturbed schemas related to trust and power. This hypothesis generation and testing is a continuous part of the assessment process. Individuals who are experiencing concerns in this area need a way to enhance feelings of safety within themselves 
and their social envi- ronment. For persons in acute distress, direct interventions designed to decrease anxiety and enhance security are essential. The person should first be asked whether any safe places exist currently within or outside of the person.
 For example, is the client feeling safe only at home or while with other people but not when alone? What situations make him or her feel particularly unsafe or threatened? Kilpatrick, Resick, and Veronen (1981), operating from a classical conditioning p
aradigm, suggest that fear and anxiety reactions among rape victims are often cued to specific environmental stimuli that are associated with the circumstances of the rape. For example, a victim\page 
\par might feel anxious and vulnerable in the presen
ce of men who are drinking alcohol if the rapist was intoxicated during the rape. The thorough assessment of this area should provide clues as to where and how to intervene. Cognitive techniques focused on self-calming and self-talk are useful, as is val
idating the person's need to do things that are calming, nurturant, or pleasurable. This can range from having contact with close friends several times a day to taking a warm bath when one is anxious. Techniques aimed at enabling the person to "go with" 
the anxiety, rather than fighting it provide a useful paradoxical intervention that has been found to be helpful among persons with other anxiety disorders (e.g., Beck & Emory, 1985). With persistent anxiety reactions associated with avoidance of trauma-
 linked stimuli, it may be useful to employ a classical conditioning paradigm to conceptualize and a psychoeducational model to intervene. For example, with many acute victims who have generalized fear reactions, we find it useful to explain how fears be
come generalized and how reinforcing the avoidant patterns by giving in to the fear can be counterproductive. Some rape or other crime victims find it distressing to find their fears generalized to all men, or certain types of men, often experiencing thi
s process as "irrational." Education about how fear and anxiety responses become conditioned to certain stimuli and how the pattern of avoidance reinforces the fear is often helpful in normalizing these responses and providing a rationale for gradual exp
osure. The work can then proceed to developing a program of gradual exposure based on the principles of systematic desensitization, a tech- nique researched by Keane in his work with Vietnam veterans (e.g., Keane & Kaloupek, 1982). We usually allow the i
ndividual to structure his or her own program with some guidance and checking in with the therapist about progress. Hypnotherapy and imagery work can also be a useful adjunct to therapy in which one can create a safe place internally, neutralize perceive
d dangers symbolically, and hold onto the feeling of safety during the week. For some people, particularly those who are very independent, active mastery can be very useful, such as changing the locks on one's doors, taking a self-defense class, etc. For
 many veterans with severe PTSD, having a gun is often essential to feeling safe. Although this is not a coping strategy we advocate, we nonetheless \b believe \b0 it is counterproductive to challenge this method unless the person is suicidal or violent.
 The therapist can work with the client to retain the gun legally, safely, and symbolically, if the client feels a gun
\par is essential to his or her safety. Overall, there are many useful techniques for enhancing the sense of safety, particularly if t
he self-capacities have been strengthened and the individual is able to garner suppOrtor- safety needs in his or her environment.
\par \f1 \b TRUST
\par Case Example of Disturbed Trust Schemas \f2 \b0 Sara, an incest victim in her mid-20s from a workin
g class background, came into treatment with profound feelings of loneliness, isolation, depression, chronic anger at people, and general dissatisfaction with her life. Early in treatment, we explored her chronic anger and dis- appointment with people in her life:
\par \i Sara:
\par \i0 I'm angry b
ecause people keep messing with me. I can't count on them for anything. I should know better by now that I can't depend on anyone but I still keep trying and getting hurt.
\par \i Therapist:
\par \i0 Can you think of recent times in your life when you'
ve felt this way? I want to understand what this means to you and how this has hurt you.
\par \i Sara:
\par \i0 Yeah, last weekend I was feeling really down and lonely, I had nothing to do. I called a friend and asked her to come over and she said she 
would, after she did something else. I made dinner and cleaned up my apaient. Then the bitch calls me and tells me she got tied up with some guy at a bar and couldn't come over.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 I imagine you felt very hurt and disappointed in her
 for letting you down like that.
\par \i Sara:
\par \i0 Yeah, at first I was hurt but then I was really furious. I should have known better than to trust her. I'm the fool for letting her get into my life.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 You feel like you're a
 fool for trusting her to be there for you?\page 
\par \i Sara: \i0 Yes . . . I'm a fool for allowing myself to believe that she would follow through, that it was okay to think that she was going to come through for me. I just don't let myself do that v
ery often. \i Therapist: \i0 How come? \i Sara: \i0 Because most of the time people just screw you. I don't trust most people, and when I try, here's what I get. It just proves to me that it's better to trust no one, no way. \i Therapist: \i0 I gather fr
om what you're saying that you've been badly hurt when you've trusted other people, depended upon them. \i Sara: \i0 Well, that's the story of my life. I guess I can't expect it to be different. \i Therapist: \i0 Most people need someone they can count o
n, someone they know will be there when they need them. Where was it you learned that people can't be trusted? \i Sara: (sarcastic laugh) \i0 On my mother's knee, I guess. She was never there when I needed her, she was too spaced out or sick a lot, just 
left me to hang out with my brothers and stepfather. \i Therapist: \i0 And what about with them? \i Sara: (becoming tearful) \i0 Well, I thought my stepdad was my buddy, he and I used to hang out together a lot and then, well when I was about 7 or 8 it h
appened, you know .... \i Therapist: \i0 He abused you? \i Sara: (shamefully looking down) \i0 Yeah . . I just can't talk about it yet. \i Therapist: \i0 That's okay. I'm not going to push you to talk about it before you're ready. I understand there are 
a lot of scary feelings involved. For now, it helps us just to understand how you've been hurt through the betrayal by your step- father and many other people. That makes it very scary to allow yourself to trust anyone again, probably even me.
\par \i S
ara: (looking up with a little smile) \i0 Yeah, how did you know? As might be anticipated, this particular client had a very difficult time engaging in therapy; she would resist the process by putting on a tough exterior that said, "I don't need anyone."
 In Chapter 11 on resistances and working through the transference, we will come back to this issue. As mentioned previously, some persons with disturbed trust often fear being let down or betrayed by others or fear that they will be helpless and weak if
 they allow themselves to depend on others. Other persons may feel a very strong need for support and dependence, attempting to have this need gratified in their relationships. For the individual who has disturbed dependency needs coupled with disturbed 
schemas related to trust, the therapy should be aimed at exploring the following areas: why it is so frightful to trust, be dependent, etc., and what would be the major (perceived) risks of allowing this to happen. Working through resistances to changing
 the client's framework is an essential component of therapy. For many people, these fears have some basis in reality and it is indeed frightening to consider opening oneself up to be hurt again. However, for the most part, these schemas are distortions 
that have developed over time and which are often inappropriate to many current life situations. Working through the fears and the resistances involves gradually introducing discrepancy to the beliefs that trust is always dangerous or that dependence is 
inevitably a sign of weakness. Sometimes people can be encouraged to imagine, through guided imagery or hypnosis, under what conditions they might be able to be dependent or trusting and how this would feel. Often, these techniques bring a flood of affec
t as the person gets in touch with his or her deep longing for support from others and the hurt s/he has experienced relating to frustration of these needs. It is also helpful to present to the client the possibility of learning to trust gradually, in sm
all doses. Clients with very disturbed schemas in this area frequently evidence an all-or-nothing approach to trust, setting up impossible standards of trust for other people. For example, the individual is often hyperalert to any signs of untrustworthin
ess, such as one incest victim who "wrote off" people she first met if they did not respond well to her disclosure that she was an incest victim. Not surprisingly, few people knew how to meet this test, particularly outside the context of an existing rel
ationship. Thus, learning how to balance trust and distrust and to modulate one's closeness or distance to others is critical to learning to build healthy trust schemas over time.\page 
\par Furthermore, the standards of trust individuals set up should 
be gently challenged if they are distorted or unrealistic. For example, one Vietnam veteran often abandoned long-time acquaintances if they can- celled any engagement, even, as once happened, if the person was in a car accident and was not to blame for n
ot keeping the appointment. Thus, learning how to trust requires that the individual make better discriminations about trust versus distrust, trusting where it is appro- priate and not trusting when it is inappropriate.
\par \f1 \b SELF-TRUST \f2 \b0 An
other important set of schemas are those related to self-trust. These schemas are related to the ego resource involving the ability to make self-protective judgements. This resource underlies the individual's abil- ity to trust his or her own judgment, t
o be aware of signals of danger in interpersonal relationships, and to meet dependency needs in non- destructive ways. A case example of an incest victim who was abused emotionally and physically by her husband illustrates the importance of the developme
nt of positive self-trust schemas. Carla, a woman in her 30s, complained of being unable to know how to avoid men who might hurt her. She had generally avoided relationships with men after the sexual abuse by her alcoholic father, but then married a man 
who was also an exploitive, abusive alcoholic. After her divorce from him, she was paralyzed with fear that she would make the wrong choice again, ending in a total withdrawal from heterosexual relationships. Excerpts from one therapy session illustrate 
how disrupted self-trust schemas are gently challenged by the therapist.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 What is it you don't want in a man? \i Carla: \i0 A man who drinks too much, appears to be sincere but is inconsistent, appears caring and attentive only whe
n he needs something, and who is overdependent and needy. \i Therapist: \i0 Is there anything appealing about this type of man initially? \i Carla: \i0 He can be very giving when he wants something. He can also be very attentive at first, when he activel
y pursues me.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 At what point might there be some warning signs that all is not okay? \i Carla: \i0 Well, he would start to become very possessive of me, wanting to spend all his time with me, not wanting me to see friends. Then he 
would want me to be there for him all the time, and get angry if I didn't do what he wanted. He would also start to make promises he wouldn't keep. \i Therapist: \i0 Do you think you would recognize these qualities in a man if you saw them now? \i Carla:
 \i0 Oh yes! I would be able to sense it if I felt these things again. \i Therapist: \i0 And how long do you think it would take before you became more cautious? \i Carla: \i0 Now, I think I would put up with it for about a week! \i Therapist: \i0 Then p
erhaps your judgment is better than you are aware. Carla was clearly emotionally impacted by this intervention and returned the next session to say at the outset, I've been thinking a lot about what you said the last time. I guess, in thinking back on my
 life, I have made progress and do know how to sense if a man is bad for me. I have picked good friends and can pick out nice qualities in women. I've just been so afraid that I couldn't do that with men. I really couldn't when I was a young woman but I'
ve learned a lot since I was younger. I guess maybe I do have better judgment and should trust myself more. This brief case illustration underscores the importance of probing into this area by exploring the extent to which the individual can make good ju
dgments, the subtle cues s/he picks up on, how s/he evaluates those cues, and finally, how s/he tests his or her judgments against reality. In this case, the client had better judgment than she thought she had and merely had to be validated in this ego r
esource. For others whose judgment is seriously impaired, it may be necessary to be more educative, first teaching the person what it means to be self-protective and how this is helpful, and then testing out new skills by carefully tuning in to subtle an
d not-so-subtle interpersonal cues. For example,\page 
\par the following questions can encourage the survivor to develop these resources:
\par \bullet  What is it about (this person) that makes you uncomfortable? \bullet  In previous relationships, we
re there any warning signs? What were they? \bullet  What kind of feelings do you have inside that are signals to you that something isn't right? \bullet  What is it you sense about me (the therapist)? What does this tell you? \bullet  How can you check 
it out with respect to me? To others? Exploration of this area can help the individual gradually develop the confidence to listen to his or her "gut" feelings and test them out in new relationships, including the therapeutic relationship.
\par \f1 \b IN
DEPENDENCE
\par Case Example of Disturbed Independence Schemas \f2 \b0 The following clinical example of Donna, a rape victim in acute distress, illustrates disturbed independence schemas.
\par \i Donna: \i0 I've been depressed on and off all week, cry
ing a lot. I hate it. It makes me feel like such a baby.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 Like a baby? \i Donna: \i0 Yeah, a baby is weak, helpless. I cry all the time, sometimes even at work, and it's embarrassing because I've never cried in front of other peopl
e before. \i Therapist: \i0 You feel like a baby because you cry and are sad? \i Donna: \i0 I feel very disappointed in myself.. I'm not in control of myself or my life anymore. \i Therapist: \i0 It's important to feel in control? \i Donna: \i0 Yes, I'm 
very independent, have always needed to be in charge of myself. I've worked hard all my life to get my life together, to be strong. I thought I should be able to deal with this and go on.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 I understand how difficult it must be for 
you to feel so vulnerable and hurt when all your life you've tried so hard to be strong and independent. And yet, even the strongest people feel terrible pain and sadness when they're violated and hurt in the way that you have been. \i Donna: \i0 I guess
 it's hard to be compassionate toward myself. I can understand other people reacting like this, but not me. It's very hard for me to feel like I can't handle something. I even find it hard to ask my friends for anything.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 What is d
ifficult about that for you, asking for something you need?
\par \i Donna: \i0 Well, growing up in an alcoholic family . . . when I was a child, whenever I asked for things, they let me down. I had to be independent to survive.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 O
f course you did, learning that people wouldn't be there if you needed them, learning to rely only on yourself. And yet, all people need comfort from others, and there are times in life when a person feels so badly hurt that she can't do it alone.
\par 
\b \i Donna: \b0 \i0 I guess so. It's the first time in my life I've ever felt this way. I guess after all these years it's just hard for me to feel any different.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 Of course it is, and we will have to work together to help you be 
kinder to the self that was badly hurt and is still suffering.
\par \i Donna: \i0 I just never wanted to be a crybaby, a whiner.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 Perhaps somewhere you learned that being vulnerable is a dangerous thing. Whom have you known in you
r life that you considered a crybaby, a whiner?
\par \i Donna: \i0 My mother, she was always a crybaby, complaining about everything, she was so weak she couldn't handle anything at all. I just couldn't respect her at all and I never wanted to be like h
er.\page 
\par \i Therapist: \i0 So what you're telling me is that when you were a child you developed a distorted view of what it means to be dependent. You saw your mother being dependent but also weak and helpless, and of course, you never wanted to 
be like that. Is it difficult to see the difference between you and your mother? She was hurt but gave up, wasn't able to cope. You've fought to cope all your life and from what
\par you've told me about yourself, you've done a good job of it. Is it har
d to see that feeling sad and depressed after your rape is not the same as being like your room? \i Donna: \i0 I guess when you put it that way, I can see that I'm not the same. I have always been a coper, a fighter. I just want to be that way again. \i 
Therapist: \i0 You will, in time, after the wounds heal and all these painful feelings are worked through. In the next session, the client reported feeling less depressed and overwhelmed, with a glimmer of hope that she wouldn't always feel this way. A m
ore detailed description of this case follows in Chapter 14. This brief example illustrates the importance of tuning in to a central need, understanding its meaning, respecting the person's viewpoint, and beginning the process of gently challenging the d
isturbed schemas. This will be explored in more depth subsequently.
\par In the previous section on assessment of needs and schemas, we suggested that persons with strong needs for independence often devalue the self that is perceived as weak, helpless,
 dependent, or vulnerable. The therapist must understand how these needs have been threatened and how positive schemas can be restored. Often, these clients find it difficult to engage in therapy because they associate therapy with a potential threat to 
their independence. This fear may manifest itself in being afraid to cry or be vulnerable in therapy because of a profound fear of losing control or appearing weak. Initially, the therapist must validate the need for independence by assuring the client t
hat s/he will be in control of the therapy process and that s/he is a very strong person for having the courage to enter therapy instead of giving up. Furthermore, it is important to understand how independence became so important to this individual. The
 exploration of early family history
\par and subsequent relationships will often reveal how this need became central for the individual. For some people, independence may have been valued and reinforced in their family of origin. For others, the need f
or independence may have arisen from a disappointment of their dependency needs or by experiencing disdain for those viewed as weak and helpless. Often, these individuals had one significant person in the family who was devalued, such as a mother who was
 helpless, weak, and passive in relation to a strict or authoritarian father. Independence thus becomes a way to avoid a dreaded identification with the devalued parent. Furthermore, a striving for independence may have been the only way to fight one's w
ay out of a dysfunctional or enmeshed family system. Often, these individuals find it difficult to acknowledge their needs for support and help from others. Emotional expression, partic- ularly vulnerability, is perceived as dangerous. These distortions 
must be gently challenged through such techniques as reframing and working through the resistances to being vulnerable. In essence, the individual must recognize that he or she can maintain his or her independence while allowing for human frailties. One 
technique which is useful for these individuals, previously de- scribed in Chapter 7 on treatment of the self, is that of eliciting compassion for the self that is wounded. Often, these individuals are able to have compassion for other people's suffering
 but not for their own. Conceptualizing that people can be both strong and vulnerable, independent and needing of support, tough and tender, is the first step in the process of resolving distortions in these need areas. If the expectancies for independen
ce are unrealistically high, then the therapist can gradually present discrepancy by such gentle yet challenging ques- tions as, "Do you feel that to be strong means never to cry or feel vulnerable?" and "Is it difficult to imagine that some of the stron
gest people also feel deep pain, just as you do, and that this strength allows them to master these feelings rather than avoiding or denying them?" With regard to the self capacities, these individual must learn to self- soothe and moderate self-loathing
 as they integrate a more realistic view of strength and independence. Guided imagery or hypnosis can be useful in promoting a sense of independence and self-power as individuals gradually confront their deepest feelings in a scenario where they have con
trol over the pace and timing of this process. For example, a highly hypnotizable client may devise his or her own controls as s/he faces painful memories, such as creating a spaceship that can travel to and from painful places,\page 
\par with built-in
 controls for regulated approach and avoidance. As part of this process, the therapist can gently encourage the person to ac- knowledge his or her own strength in charting unknown territories with strength and perseverance.
\par \b POWER
\par Case Exam
ple of Disturbed Power Schemas \b0 A brief case example describes Clarisse, a 45-year-old woman who was the victim of early childhood physical and emotional abuse, extreme parental discord, and a marriage to an abusive, alcoholic husband, with several in
stances of marital rape. She presented for therapy after a bitter divorce from her husband, feeling chronically depressed, lethargic, and unmotivated, and experiencing many somatic complaints that could not be diagnosed medically. She did not report her 
chief concern as a history of abuse, nor did the previous abuse appear to be discrepant with her expectations. Instead, her chief concerns were "being walked all over" by her five unruly children and being mistreated by a married man who was "playing gam
es" with her. The following clinical vignette, in the first few weeks of therapy, offers a glimpse into the inner experience of a woman who had given up trying to exert control over others in her environment, with significant effects on her mood and life
 satisfaction.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 You said that you're feeling tired, worn out. Can you say more about what that is like for you?
\par \i Clarisse:
\par \i0 I'm just tired of everything. I come home and the kids are screaming, the house is a mess,
 and I feel sick all the time. All I ever want to do is sleep. I went to the doctor again, but he can't find anything wrong with me.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 Do you have any thoughts about what might be going on with you?
\par \i Ciarisse:
\par \i0 I th
ink I'm just worn out by life. All my life, it's been one struggle after another, first my parents' craziness, then my ex's, now my kids, who are driving me crazy.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 It feels like life is too much of a struggle?
\par \i Clarisse: 
\i0 Yeah, I'm tired of fighting. I feel like I've been fighting my whole life.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 In what way? \i Clarisse: \i0 First there was my family.., you know my dad was pretty mean to us kids and also to my mother . . . there was a lot of fig
hting and yelling.., and then I walked back into the same situation with my ex... he was always pushing me around, until I finally got fed up with it. Now it's the kids and Fred (her married lover) who think I should be at their beck and call and that th
ey can walk all over me. \i Therapist: \i0 You feel that people walk all over you? \i Clarisse: \i0 You bet! I'm the biggest pushover there is, it's like I have a sign on me that says "Walk all over me." \i Therapist: \i0 Is it difficult for you to asser
t your own needs, to tell people that you don't like it when they walk all over you? \i Clarisse: \i0 Huh! What needs! I don't have needs anymore. I don't know how to stand up for myself, I just give up and people know they can get away with it. \i Thera
pist: \i0 Are there any situations in your life where you feel more powerful and in control? \i Clarisse: \i0 Not really, even my 6-year-old is more powerful than me; he bosses me around all the time just like the others do. \i Therapist: \i0 I can under
stand how you might feel fed up with all of that. Can you imagine it being any different for you? \i Clarisse: \i0 It's hard to imagine, I guess. I know some women that are stronger, their kids know who's in charge. I'd like to be like that but I never r
eally have. \i Therapist: \i0 What do you think makes it so difficult for you to be in control, to assert your needs? \i Clarisse: \i0 I guess I don't really believe it would work. I don't expect a lot anymore, I just do what I have to do to get by and t
he rest of the time I just want to escape.\page 
\par \i Therapist: \i0 I imagine it might feel very painful to try to be more in control and then to discover that even that didn't work. \i Clarisse: \i0 Yeah. I guess at some point I figured it was just
 easier to \fs12 k \fs18 give up, to go with somebody else's program. \i Therapist: \i0 Would you like that to be different? \i Clarisse: \i0 Yeah, but I don't know how. I'm sick of doing what I'm doing. I'm just getting worn down by all of this. \i Ther
apist: \i0 Then maybe that's something we can work on together. First, I guess we need to discover what some of your needs really are. \i Clarisse: \i0 Sounds good to me. How do we start? In this brief vignette, we see a woman who has been "beaten down" 
by all the circumstances in her life. Her healthy needs for power have been thwarted continually, a pattern which is common among battered women (Walker, 1977-1978). As a result of these experiences, she has given up psychologically, a condition of learn
ed helplessness in which she no longer expects that she can exert control over people or her environment (Abramson, Seligman, & Teasdale, 1978; Seligman, 1975). The result was depression, low self-esteem, futility about the future, and passivity in relat
ion to other people in her life who continued to abuse or otherwise take advantage of her. This type of pattern may be most amenable to the experience of empowerment, a concept that has been widely used in the feminist literature on victimization of wome
n (e.g., Russell, 1986). Clarisse presented with very little awareness of her own needs, a reflection of a poorly developed sense of self. In this case example, we find the therapist beginning the very gradual process of presenting alternative expectatio
ns to her disturbed schemas and providing hope that things might be different than she expects. Initially, the therapeutic work must focus on strengthening those self capacities and ego resources that have been compromised by years of abuse or helplessne
ss. In our experience, these individuals often have an impaired ability to know their own needs as distinct from other people's. Furthermore, they often describe being devoid of a sense of self or personhood. When asked what they feel they need for thems
elves or who they are, they often respond by saying, "I don't know" or "I'm not able to have needs of my own." Thus, the first therapeutic task is
\par creating a self, through exploration of psychological needs and en- couraging the individual to value
 and respect herself or himself as a unique, autonomous person. The thorough assessment of needs may be particularly important in the early stages of therapy. Likewise, continually identifying and labeling the individual's needs as s/he describes feeling
 frustrated, blocked, or depressed is an important prel- ude to learning to exert power over others or the environment. As within the other areas, it is important that the therapist avoid prematurely challenging the expectation that the individual cannot
 con- trol outcomes. Too great a discrepancy can be unsettling to clients and they will often indicate that they feel misunderstood by the therapist. Thus, it is critical to first empathize with the experience of helplessness, understanding fully how the
 person perceives his or her power in relation to other people. As part of this, the therapist must fully tune in to the terrible frustration that is experienced when attempts at control fail, as well as to the attributions individuals make about why thi
s is happening. Often, individuals will talk about feeling weak, helpless, like a pushover or a wimp, or produce other derogatory self-descriptions. The extent to which this has become an integral part of the self- representations must be understood and 
taken into account as the therapist intervenes in this area. Individuals who have internalized a negative self-view in this area will be more resistant to changing these views than those who find themselves temporarily paralyzed after a victimization but
 report a previous history of being able to be appro- priately dominant or interpersonally powerful. The next phase of therapy will involve gently encouraging clients to explore, first through fantasy or imagery, and then in real life, scenarios in which
 they exert more power with others. An integration of techniques from assertiveness training may be useful as individuals role-play sit- uations in their lives in which they hope to assert their own needs for power. As part of this process, the therapist
 should be tuned into how this new behavior feels to the person, what fears s/he may have about what might happen, and any resistances to becoming more powerful. Individuals may fear that they will fail at their attempts, that other people will resist th
em, or that they will be rejected by others. These and other fears must be understood, explored, and gradually tested out in reality as the individual makes attempts at changing his or her behavior. Small attempts should be reinforced as the therapist ac
knowl- edges how difficult it is to change deeply ingrained patterns. These changes can sometimes seem insignificant to the therapist unless there is accurate empathy for what this means to the person. For\page 
\par example, an abused or dominated woma
n who tells her husband that he is capable of getting himself a cup of coffee when he demands one or who moves into another bedroom after a verbal assault may be doing something that is radically different from lifelong patterns of submissiveness and hel
plessness. Often, clients are amazed when such new behaviors result in positive outcomes and their sense of self is bolstered as they discover that they can identify and assert their needs. The gradual shaping of new patterns through exploration of needs
, strengthening a sense of sell working through resistances to changing schemas, and, finally, gradually encouraging attempts at controlling outcomes will ultimately result in new, more rewarding patterns that enhance self-esteem and feelings of mastery.

\par \f1 \b ESTEEM
\par \f2 Case Example of Disturbed Esteem Schemas \b0 The following case example provides a look at John, a 39-year-old Vietnam veteran who experienced profound self-loathing; followed by blackouts and self-destructive acting out. I
n the fourth month of therapy, John described experiencing a dissociative episode during the week, followed by severe depression and remorse. In this session, the extent of his damaged self-esteem was revealed and a link was made to specific war traumas 
that he had never talked about. In the following vignette, the client was describing what had happened to him the previous week.
\par \i John: \i0 I don't really know what happened. I went home after work and my wife was angry about something, she was y
elling at the kids, and then started accusing me of never being around when they needed me, the same old garbage.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 Do you remember what you were feeling or thinking at the time?
\par \i John: \i0 Really tight, wound up, like I do 
when I'm about to explode. I told her to get off my case and she was screaming at me about how I'm irresponsible, never help out.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 Do you remember what happened next?
\par \i John: \i0 No, things get confusing then. I remember sto
rming out of the house, getting into the car. The next thing I remember was that I was walking in the woods, I was filthy, dirty, I think I had fallen into a stream or something. I finally found a road and then started walking; it seemed like hours. Finally, I recognized where I was and was able to f
ind my car. \i Therapist: \i0 I imagine you must have felt very frightened. \i John: \i0 Yeah, I was scared. I didn't know what happened to me, I just don't understand why I keep screwing up. \i Therapist: \i0 What do you mean, keep screwing up? \i John:
 \i0 I don't know . . . everything I touch turns to shit. \i Therapist: \i0 Help me understand what this means to you. \i John: (tears in his eyes) \i0 I just seem to destroy everything that's good. \i Therapist: (gently) \i0 How so? \i John: \i0 I've sc
rewed up my marriage, my kids, everyone I've gotten close to has been badly hurt. \i Therapist: \i0 How is it you feel that you have hurt people close to you? \i John: \i0 It's just something in me. They go away, they disappear, something bad happens. 
\i Therapist: \i0 What makes you feel it's something in you that causes people to go away? \i John: \i0 I wish I knew, it just keeps happening, it has to be me. \i Therapist: \i0 It really hurts when it keeps happening. \i John: (puts his head down, begins
 to cry) Therapist: \i0 Can you tell me what happened that hurt you so badly? At this point, the client revealed a trauma in Vietnam in which his best buddy was blown up by a mine. John was in charge of the unit\page 
\par and had gone out earlier to ch
eck for mines. He was supposed to go into the jungle first but was held back by someone. His friend wanted to go ahead and John was concerned but thought it was okay. He was sobbing continuously as he told this story.
\par \i John: \i0 I went in right b
ehind him but he was blown up, wasted. I screwed up .... \i (angrily) \i0 I should have been more careful. It should have been me. It was MY responsibility and I was always so careful. \i Therapist: (softly) \i0 I'm so sorry this happened. I can only ima
gine the agony you must have felt to see your best friend die, the grief, the pain. And yet what I'm hearing also is that you felt responsible for his death, as if you should have been able to prevent it, or that it should have been you that died.
\par 
\i John: \i0 It should have been me. I fucked up, it was me. It's always \fs14 me.
\par \fs18 \i Therapist: \i0 And so throughout your life, as you've held onto this memory, you have felt again and again that you are guilty of terrible things. And it's 
so difficult to remember how much you loved him and how you would have done any- thing to protect him, to save his life. \i John: (bitterly) \i0 Yeah, I loved him. He was the first person I ever loved and look what happened, I destroyed him, just like I 
destroy everyone else. Ultimately, the survivor guilt and ensuing self-loathing were resolved through a lengthy process of recapitulation, grief work, and finding compassion for the self that was able to love and care, the man who did the best job he pos
sibly could. Furthermore, later in the session, the therapist discovered that the intense self-loathing and guilt were precipitated when John was accused of being irresponsible, a painful assault to his sense of self-esteem as well as to his strong needs
 to be responsible and to protect others. In an excellent article on resolving survivor guilt, Williams (1988), makes the point that directly challenging the sense of guilt is likely to be fruitless until the affects underlying the guilt are acknowledged
 and worked through. Williams describes a number of approaches that can
\par be useful in resolving survivor guilt, such as helping the individual recognize he or she did the best possible job under the circumstances, clarifying how much time the person
 actually had to act, and discovering as many positive aspects of the individual's behavior during the trauma as possible. This work must not be done prematurely, however. If the client feels the therapist does not fully understand the extent of his or h
er self-loathing, these interventions will be experienced as a failure of empathy. As with all the areas, resolving disturbed esteem schemas must take place in the context of a thorough understanding of the whole person, the strength of the self-capaciti
es, the person's central needs, and the meanings of esteem for this individual. It is well known that traumatic experiences, as well as those that involve neglect, failures in empathy, or lack of validation, can result in varying degrees of disturbances 
in self-esteem. For some, the damage is circumscribed or balanced by positive esteem schemas. For others, the damage is pervasive, becoming a central issue for the individual, creating disturbances in his or her intrapersonal and interpersonal relations.
 The therapist must first explore with the client the specific ways in which needs for esteem and recognition have been thwarted through harmful, invalidating life experiences. As the memories of specific in- stances are reviewed, the therapist should as
k the question, "How did you make sense out of what happened?" Often, persons with damage in this area will report shame and remorse for their own behaviors or will attribute causality to some aspect of themselves. The literature on the adaptive signific
ance of self-blame strategies has been mixed, with some authors suggesting that behavioral self-blame can enhance feelings of control (Janoff-Bulman, 1979), while others have not found support for this as a useful coping strategy (Meyer & Taylor, 1986). 
Conventional wisdom holds that self-blame is always destructive in that it leads to decreased self-esteem. However, given the ambiguity in the scientific literature, we prefer to focus on the unique meaning that self-blame holds for the individual. Thus,
 it is important to explore the feelings that are associated with self-blame or negative esteem schemas as well as the adaptive significance this may hold for the individual (Tennen, Affleck, & Gershman, 1986). Furthermore, it is important to ascertain w
hether other attributions of causality have been entertained, such as blaming others or circumstances. There is some recent evidence in the social psychology literature that other-blame is associated with less adaptive functioning (Tennen & Affieck, 1989
). This finding also runs counter to the conventional lore, at least in the rape\page 
\par and incest literature, which implies that assigning blame where it belongs (e.g., to the perpetrator, society, etc.) is the way to resolve self-blame. Overall, t
he findings derived from research on groups of people are not necessarily applicable to unique individuals. Thus, in accordance with constructivist self development theory, the special meanings self- blame has for individuals, the resistances to changing
 these meaning systems, and its relation to psychological adaptation must be understood thoroughly before the therapist challenges any esteem schemas, despite how maladaptive they appear on the surface. Negative esteem schemas, such as the belief that on
e brought on the abuse, may serve a protective function against feeling anger or rage toward others who perpetrated the harm. In our view, it is not desirable to probe for anger prematurely, especially if the self capacities are not sufficiently develope
d to tolerate potentially overwhelming affects. Strengthening the self capacities is often an essential part of restoring positive esteem schemas. The individual's relationship with herself, her internal images of herself, her ability to modulate feeling
s of self- loathing and shame, and her compassion for herself are important aspects of positive esteem schemas. Furthermore, the individual's ability to seek out validating relationships is important as many victims find themselves retraumatized by the i
nvalidating statements of others. Learning how clients perceive others' attitudes and interprets others' statements toward them is important in order to work through any distortions. For example, some individuals with negative esteem schemas will misinte
rpret other people's comments as critical, blaming, or de- valuing, thus confirming their negative view of themselves. The per- ception these individuals hold about how the therapist views them is also an important component of working through these issu
es in the transference. Overall, the goal is to help individuals develop a more balanced view of themselves which contains realistic appraisals of both strengths and weaknesses as well as of some illusions about themselves which can be protective of self
-esteem (e.g., Taylor & Brown, 1988). As discussed previously, some individuals with negative esteem sche- mas need to become as compassionate with and forgiving of themselves, of their own human frailty, as they can be with other people. The techniques 
described earlier that include self-soothing, experiencing empathy for the wounded sell constructive self-talk, and learning to value all parts of the self are extremely valuable for building self- esteem. In particular, teaching the client to recognize 
and validate himself or herself through such techniques as imagery or creative projects such as a self-esteem collage can be valuable adjuncts to traditional therapies.
\par \b ESTEEM FOR OTHERS \b0 Another set of esteem schemas concerns esteem for othe
rs. The need to value others and view them in a positive light is essential to positive interpersonal relations. When someone has experienced harm inten- tionally inflicted by another, or when others have failed to help a victim, schemas concerning the w
orth of others can be damaged. For children who have been abused by those responsible for protecting them, positive other-esteem schemas may never develop. Such beliefs as "People only want to hurt you" or "People are basically evil" reflect damage in th
is area. Such beliefs become evident early in the therapy process, as they make it difficult for the client to form a trusting relationship with the therapist. To the extent that they are overgeneralized, these beliefs can be challenged gently through ex
ploring with clients whether they have ever observed any positive intent or behavior in anyone, whether they can imagine anyone wanting to be helpful, and of course in the therapy relationship, whether they experience the therapist as malicious or evil. 
By gently pointing out instances in the client's experiences in which another person behaved in a positive or helpful way, the therapist can gradually help the client develop alternative ways of viewing others. The overgeneralized schemas can be challeng
ed by exploration of the traumatic circumstances in which they developed. In summary, it is important to recognize that damaged esteem schemas can be altered only gradually, because these beliefs arose in the context of trauma and serve some adaptive pur
pose, despite the costs to the individual.
\par \f1 \b INTIMACY
\par \f2 Case Example of Disturbed Intimacy Schemas \b0 The following clinical vignette offers an example of someone for whom a damaged sense of intimacy is central. This case involves Dar
lene, a 36-year-old widow who was a nurse in Vietnam. Although she functioned well professionally and presented with no intrusive symptoms or subjective distress, she complained of feeling numb, cut off from other people, and empty inside. After years of
 avoiding talking about her Vietnam experiences, she came into therapy. This was, in part, precipitated by the termination of a destructive relationship. In the second session she touched upon intimacy themes. After Darlene discussed the loss of a recent
 romantic relationship, the therapist asked how she felt about it.\page 
\par \i Darlene: \i0 I don't feel anything, really. I know I should, but I don't. I put things behind me and I move on. \i Therapist: \i0 So it's difficult to feel, even when you l
ose someone you care about. What has that meant for you in your life? \i Darlene: \i0 I have no friendships, no intimacy. I have no social life at all.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 How do you understand that?
\par \i Darlene: \i0 I always screw them up. \i T
herapist: \i0 What comes to mind when you say that? \i Darlene: \i0 My relationships always start off being passionate, but then I back off. It becomes too close and then I just run. After I leave, I have no feelings for them at all, I just avoid them. 
\i Therapist: \i0 Perhaps it's difficult to experience the feelings of loss, sad- ness. I imagine that perhaps you've been badly hurt in this \f4 area.
\par \f2 \i Darlene: \i0 I turned off my emotions in Nam. The first day in country I thought it was re
al easy. Then the second day, I was dealing with body bags. I kept saying to myself, "No, no. This isn't real." I stood there crying and I just wanted to go home .... Then certain people would get to you . . . there was this one kid in the ICU. He was ba
dly hurt but he was conscious the whole time. We developed a rela- tionship, I felt really connected to him. I became hysterical when he died. After that, nothing made me feel that way again. After a few months, I had no feelings. I just drank and smoked
 pot and got numbed out. I was afraid to talk about it to anyone. \i therapist: \i0 What were you most afraid of if you talked to someone, if you let your feelings out? \i Darlene: \i0 I was afraid if I started crying, I'd lose control, I'd go crazy. I'v
e gotten weird about death. When my husband died in a plane crash a few years ago, I felt nothing, was just cold, frigid. I can say the words but there are no feelings. I just don't seem to care anymore.
\par \i Therapist: \i0 Sometimes when people expe
rience a traumatic loss, the feelings are so painful that they just shut down. I imagine it must have been devastating to have someone you had grown close to, whom you cared about, die on you. And so over time you felt dead inside, like you couldn't feel
 for anyone or expect to be connected with anyone again. \i Darlene: \i0 I just can't afford to feel that way again. I can't imagine ever getting close, taking that risk again. Anyway, I'm not sure those feelings could ever come back to life. \i Therapis
t: \i0 It's understandable that you would feel that way. And yet I believe that although you feel dead inside, deep down inside there's still a caring person with real human feelings just like anyone else. I am hopeful that over time, as we mourn these l
osses together, you will be able once again to experience being fully alive. \i (At this point, tears began to form in the client's eyes.) \i0 I also imagine that as you feel this sadness now, it might feel very scary. \i Darlene: \i0 Yes, it does. I'm j
ust so afraid of being overwhelmed. \i Therapist: \i0 Of course, you are. Then we'll have to take it slowly, and in a way that's not overwhelming for you. In this case, the therapist was also alert to the client's fears about losing control and being vul
nerable, themes associated with disturbed independence schemas. The therapist also predicted that this woman would have a very difficult time feeling connected to the therapist, an issue that will be explored further in Chapter 11 on transference and res
istance. One pattern associated with disturbed intimacy schemas involves an individual who has established appropriate and meaningful attachments in the past, but has then experienced the traumatic loss of one of these attachments. A second pattern invol
ves the individual who has never been able to form mature and satisfying attachments to others. This pattern is often associated with a history of emotional neglect and unresponsiveness, described by some clients as the experience of "not being seen." Ea
ch of the patterns has different implications for therapy that we will discuss below. The individual for whom the first pattern is predominant, as in the case of Darlene, often longs for an intimate connection with others but\page 
\par is fearful of hi
s or her vulnerability to loss. An important step in the therapeutic process is to begin exploring the specific meanings of at- tachment for this individual. For example, the therapist might ask, "What do you imagine would happen if you were to allow you
rself to love again?" This exploration will often yield responses such as, "I would always be afraid that something would happen to that person" and "I don't think I could ever really give myself fully in fear that I would be devastated again." The thera
pist might then explore the client's fantasy of what it would mean to experience another loss. Often individuals will express a diminished belief in their ability to cope with another loss, such as the fear that they would be shattered. In our experience
, this fear often is tied to previous unresolved losses, and most specifically, the experience of "impacted" grief (Shatan, 1974). One of the costs of unfinished mourning is that the disavowed affect is viewed with dread. Clearly, in order to work this t
hrough, the individual must gradually develop the affect tolerance necessary for grief work to be productive rather than retraumatizing. The individual for whom disturbed intimacy schemas resulted, in part, from extreme unresponsiveness or emotional negl
ect will present with a different set of issues. In this case, the healthy development of intimacy needs has been thwarted, resulting in an inner state of dis- connectedness and isolation. Often these individuals do not express overt distress about their
 lack of connection. These are the clients who say they prefer being alone or their only wish is to live in a cabin in the woods away from civilization. For them, the work will need to focus on the experience of forming a relationship with the therapist.
 This process will often involve long-term work in which a connection is gradually built through accurate responsiveness and attunement on the part of the therapist. For many individuals, this experience of disconnection is associated with affective numb
ing and alexithymia. The important work of Krystal (1988) on alexithymia and trauma is valuable for understanding how affective states gradually become verbal, desomatized, and differentiated. For these individuals, this process must precede the formatio
n of mature attachments, since one cannot become attached without learning first how to identify and tolerate one's own emotional states. One last important issue is respecting the client's values related to intimacy. Often we've found our own values abo
ut intimacy and the importance of connection discrepant with those of our clients, most often Vietnam veterans who have given up on the world of people. In our experience, it is important to be respectful of the individual's wish
\par for solitude, whil
e continuing to understand this in the context of that individual's history.
\par \b GROWTH-PRODUCING CHANGES IN SCHEMAS \b0 In this last section, we want to acknowledge that trauma can also alter schemas in positive, growth-producing directions. Koss a
nd Burk- hart (1989) cite examples of this in their excellent analysis of the experience of rape: Through the process of cognitive re-appraisal, several positive outcomes are possible including: healthy questioning of beliefs about the meaning and direct
ion of one's life, discovered ability to maintain a sense of competence under trying circumstances, heightened sensitivity to horror and dehumanization, and the development of strong convictions. (p. 33) Other authors have written about how trauma can en
hance one's appreciation for life and for one's relationships, as well as producing the realization that one is strong, a survivor (e.g., Brown, Feldberg, Fox, & Kohen, 1976; Veronen & Kilpatrick, 1982). To the extent that new schemas emerge through adve
rsity, these new schemas may be more resilient than those before. Some examples of the positive trans- formation of schemas involve those survivors who transform their victimization into a gift for others or the world. The many therapists in the field of
 traumatic stress who were themselves victims of trauma are an example of how trauma can be transformed in a meaningful way. For others, a more profound faith in their God and in the spiritual dimensions of life can provide this transformation. Understan
ding and appreciating the many ways that schemas can be transformed will help therapists guide the survivor into new meanings and growth-producing understandings.\page 
\par \f1 \fs46 \b 10o \ul \ATXul1024 Resolvin g__Traumatic Memories
\par \f2 \fs18 
\b0 \ulnone \ATXul0 In this chapter, we synthesize the literature on posttrauma memory work and provide guidelines for assessment and specific interventions for recovering and/or therapeutically managing traumatic material so that memories can ultimately
 be integrated into the person's experience.
\par \b ASSESSMENT AND EARLY EXPLORATION Assessing the Characteristics of Traumatic Memories \b0 The assessment of the characteristics of traumatic memories should be an ongoing process in posttrauma therapy.
 Early in treatment, it is important to explore whether the client has any conscious recollection of the traumatic events and to what extent the memories are repressed or accessible, whole memories or fragments, tolerable or distressing, and intrusive or
 avoided. This assessment is an important prelude to the exploration of the specific content and meanings of traumatic mem- ories. If, because of inadequate self capacities, it is premature to explore the specific content of memories, it is nonetheless i
mportant to begin an assessment of the memory systems early in the treatment process. The importance of this exploration is twofold. It can help the therapist develop a preliminary treatment plan (e.g., hypnosis, guided imagery, or other uncovering techn
iques versus techniques to manage intrusive imagery), as well as helping the therapist to anticipate resistances to exploring or uncovering these memories. As described previously, the memory system includes verbal and imagery systems (Paivio, 1986). An 
exploration of these different systems is another important part of the assessment process.
\par \b Exploring the Verbal System of Memory \b0 In assessing the verbal system of memory, the therapist might probe for the following information: \bullet  Wha
t is the first thing you remember about what happened? What happened next? What is the last thing you remember happening? \bullet  Can you clearly remember the sequence of events or the time frame? Do you ever experience any missing pieces in your memory
? \i \bullet  (If the verbal memory is fragmented) \i0 Do you feel the need to find out exactly what happened? What aspect of the experience is most important for you to remember \i (time frame, dates, sequence, etc.)? \i0 We explore this latter question
 because for some individuals there is a pressing need to complete a coherent picture of what happened, while for others this is less important. As a prelude to this exploration, those clients who are avoiding the traumatic material should be reassured t
hat they don't have to reveal any recollections that are too distressing. If the individual evidences nonverbal signs of distress, the therapist should gently explore what the person is experiencing and then ask if he or she feels comfortable sharing thi
s with the therapist. If affect is expressed, it is likely that the imagery system of memory was evoked, which involves a different type of assessment.
\par \b Exploring the Imagery System of Memory \b0 The therapist can explore the imagery system of me
mory with the following types of questions: \bullet  When you remember what happened, do you see any images or pictures in your mind? \bullet  Can you share with me exactly what pictures you see in your mind? \bullet  Can you see colors? Can you what you
 were wearing? Can you visualize or sense any other objects or people around you? \bullet  Are you aware of any smells, sounds, bodily sensations? As more vivid and elaborate detail emerges, memory fragments that have been repressed may become accessible
. The exploration of imagery is very powerful, most often opening up intense affect, and should be\page 
\par done only when the person is ready. Some indications that the client is not ready to delve further into the imagery are as follows: \bullet  Th
ere is a flood of affect that is frightening to the client; \bullet  The exploration of imagery has produced a severe exacerbation of reexperiencing symptoms and subjective distress; \bullet  The self capacities are not strong enough yet for the person t
o tolerate the affect without disintegrative anxiety or destructive acting out; \bullet  In the sessions following this exploration, the client is late, misses an appointment, or suddenly talks about terminating therapy. In a later section, we discuss in
dications that a client is ready to share traumatic imagery. If it becomes apparent that the client is not ready for this work, the therapist can move into the emotional realm, with the goal of working through any emotional reactions, providing soothing 
or support, and working through fears about approaching the memories. \f1 \b Exploring Affect as a Prelude to Imagery Exploration \f2 \b0 In the area of affect exploration, it is important to explore the fol- lowing: \bullet  What kinds of feelings were 
you having at the time or are you having now? \bullet  Are you experiencing the feeling in a particular part of your body? \bullet  What happens inside you when you experience these feelings? \bullet  When you experience these feelings, are you able to c
omfort yourself?. \bullet  Are you afraid of what might happen if you talk about these memories? What do you imagine might happen? \bullet  What would be the worst thing you could imagine happening? \bullet  Is there anything that could make it easier to
 talk about? The following excerpt from a clinical interview provides examples of this exploration in the early stages of therapy. This case involves Marinda, an incest victim in her early 30s, who only recently began thinking, after being exposed to med
ia presentations on the topic, that \b she \b0 might have been a victim of incest. It became clear that Marinda became extremely anxious when she discussed the topic of incest in the therapy. The therapist was respectful of her need to avoid the subject 
and acknowledged that it was probably too early to discuss the details of what happened. However, the therapist chose to assess the
\par characteristics of the memory system as a basis for future treatment planning. \i Therapist: \i0 I understand that i
t's still too painful to imagine talking about the details of what happened. However, it would be helpful if I can begin to understand how much you do remember about what happened and the way you experience these memories. You don't have to share any of 
the specific details if you're not ready. Do you feel up to this today? \i Marinda: \i0 I guess I can talk in general. I just can't talk about what happened yet. \i Therapist: \i0 That's okay. Just let me know if at any time you're feeling uncomfortable.
 \i Marinda: \i0 Okay. \i Therapist: \i0 You told me that a few months ago you were reading an article in a magazine about a woman who had been abused by her stepfather and that you suddenly had the thought that this had happened to you. Before you read 
this article, did you have any similar thoughts? \i Marinda: \i0 Not really, just that I remember hating my stepfather after I went into junior high. I also didn't date any boys in high school because I was afraid of them. I didn't know why. \i Therapist
: \i0 Did you have any thoughts about why, either then or later in your life? \i Marinda: (pause) \i0 Well, one time I remember my stepfather walked in the bathroom while I was taking a bath and he didn't knock. The way he was looking at me was weird and
 then he suddenly left. \i Therapist: \i0 Do you remember how you felt when that happened? \i Marinda: \i0 Now that you say that, I remember feeling really strange, kind of scared. \i (She began looking down at the floor). Therapist: \i0 I have a sense t
hat you are experiencing very strong feelings now as we talk about this.\page 
\par \i Marinda: \i0 Yes, I feel weird, like I want to run away and hide. \i Therapist: \i0 Of course, I understand this is very difficult for you. Some- times these question
s stir up other memories that are very uncomfortable. We don't have to go on if you don't want to. \i Marinda: \i0 No, I guess I'll be okay. It's just that these pictures that don't make sense keep going through my mind and then they're gone. It's weird.
 \i Therapist: \i0 I imagine it feels unsettling but that's the way memories sometimes come to mind, in little pictures or thoughts that may not make any sense right now. Does this sound like what you're experiencing now? \i Marinda: \i0 Uh huh. One pict
ure I have is a man standing over me while I'm in bed at night, but I don't know who it is or what happened. Sometimes I have other pictures that don't make any sense. \i Therapist: \i0 What kinds of feelings or sensations do you experience when these pi
ctures comes into your mind? \i Marinda: \i0 It's awful, a sick feeling in my stomach. Sometimes it feels like I have a stomachache or like I'm going to throw up. Sometimes when I have other thoughts it feels like my vagina is burning . . . I just want t
o run away. Usually I just try not to think about it until the feelings stop. \i Therapist: \i0 That's understandable as those feelings must be very un- comfortable. What do you imagine might happen if you allowed yourself to stay with the feeling? \i Ma
rinda: \i0 It's scary, like I would fall apart, break into little pieces. \i Therapist: \i0 I imagine then that it's very frightening to experience these feelings. We'll just take it slowly and talk about things as you feel ready. \i Marinda: \i0 I hope so. \i Therapist: \i0 You have concerns about t
his?
\par \i Marinda: \i0 Well, sometimes the thoughts pop into my mind whether I like it or not. \i Therapist: \i0 I know it's difficult to tolerate these memories but its very normal for the memories to be experienced like that. We'll just have to wor
k on the feelings each time that happens. \i Marinda: \i0 I guess I just can't really believe it, even now. It's like a bad dream. Sometimes I feel like I made it up or I dreamt it. I just don't want to think I let something so disgusting happen to me. 
\i Therapist: \i0 I understand how you might feel that now. However, if you were sexually abused by your stepfather, he is the responsible party. I know it will take a while for you to really come to believe that and that we will have to work on how this 
has made you feel about yourself. This session provided important preliminary information about the characteristics of the memory system and the client's subjective expe- rience of the memories. In this case, Marinda revealed that the memories had been t
otally repressed until stimulated by a magazine article, that most of the memories were probably still repressed but that avoidance was no longer working, that the memories were experienced as frag- mented and unbidden, and that the emotions surrounding 
the memories were very distressing. With regard to the imagery system of memory, it was also evident that Marinda was primarily experiencing strong emotions associated with fragmented and largely incomprehensible visual images. The verbal system of memor
y was not currently accessible, meaning that she had \bullet  no clear knowledge of what happened or the sequence of events. This type of assessment provides information that is valuable in later stages of therapy, including overcoming resistances and wo
rking through the memories. Overall, the therapist should always convey respect for the client's inner experience and readiness to begin exploring traumatic memories. Often, the fears that are expressed relate to conflicted need areas, such as the fear t
hat one will lose control, be overwhelmed, and so forth. In this regard, the memory exploration should always take place within the context of an understanding and respect for the client's existing self capacities and central needs.\page 
\par This expl
oration will reveal important information about the memory systems that can later form the basis for treatment planning and in- tervention,
\par \f1 \b Assessing Readiness to Approach Traumatic Memories \f2 \b0 In reading some of the clinical literature
 on therapy with trauma survivors, one might form the impression that trauma survivors readily discuss their traumatic memories in therapy or that survivors make full disclosures once they are encouraged to do so. In our experience, this is not often the
 case, unless an individual has experienced a recent, discrete trauma. If that is the case, the natural tendency toward avoidance has not yet become an entrenched pattern and memories are not yet repressed or dissociated from affects. Many survivors are 
ambivalent about discussing the details of traumatic memories, particularly those connected to the imagery system of memory. Often, particularly in early stages of therapy, clients will describe the events to the therapist without actually delving into t
he imagery. For example, Juliette, a rape victim in her teens, shared the following details of her assault in the first session: I was walking to my car in a mall parking lot and these two men came up to me. One of the men suddenly grabbed me and pulled 
me into the car. Both men raped me and threatened to kill me if I screamed. Finally, it was over and I ran to get help. In this case, Juliette was not really describing a whole memory. Rather, she gave an account that reflects the verbal system of memory
. While the details were accurate, the imagery and affect were as yet not fully experienced. For example, Juliette had yet to describe the horror she experienced when one of the men looked into her eyes and taunted her with ugly words about how she was "
a slut, a deserving bitch." Nor did she share the segment where one of the men smeared her face with his semen and laughed at her. She did not share the horrifying thoughts that went through her mind about dying when they held the knife to her throat. Th
ese and other devastating details only emerged when she had developed the sufficient inner strength (e.g., affect tol- erance and self-soothing capacities) to face the powerful emotions and meanings associated with these terrible images. In her case, the
 meanings of each image had to be understood as it disrupted central schemas about self and world. The themes of degra- dation and humiliation activated disturbed esteem schemas, while the terrible helplessness she endured was a threat to her self-image 
as a
\par powerful, competent young woman who could protect herself from harm, themes related to both independence and safety. The direct and in-depth exploration of imagery and associated mean- ings is thus essential in posttrauma therapy. Although thi
s is restating the obvious, we are aware in our own work that therapists may fail to probe for imagery in sufficient depth for a number of reasons. These include:
\par \bullet  A misconception that a detailed, verbal account of a trauma represents the w
hole memory; \bullet  A reluctance to probe into areas that are clearly painful for the client; \bullet  The client's tendency to avoid talking about imagery directly, keeping the discussion at a cognitive level; \bullet  The therapist's unconscious defe
nses against hearing powerful imagery, which is emotionally evocative for the therapist as well. Even experienced clinicians must pay careful attention to the extent to which they probe into imagery, as clients are inclined to protect themselves (and pos
sibly the therapist) by avoiding the disclosure of this most central aspect of the traumatic experience, inhibiting complete resolution of the trauma.
\par \b Assessing Readiness to Explore Imagery \b0 In this section, we offer general guidelines for as
sessing whether a client is ready to begin sharing and working through the traumatic imagery. The therapist should begin this \i process \i0 by probing gently into the imagery and assessing carefully how the client reacts. If the client continues to give
 a factual, nonemotional report, the therapist might comment on this and suggest that perhaps it is too painful to share the images at this point. Some indications that the client is ready to be guided gently into an exploration of traumatic imagery are 
as follows: \bullet  The therapy appears to be primarily cognitive intellectual un- derstanding with more dominant than affective processing; \bullet  A specific memory is repeatedly discussed with no sign of emo- tional relief; \bullet  The client share
s a central traumatic memory, noting it is sig- nificant, with little accompanying emotion; \bullet  The client has evidenced a capacity to self-soothe and to regulate affect associated with reexperiencing phenomena. This part of the assessment offers im
portant information about how to proceed with memory work and the resistances and fears that must\page 
\par be worked through before this can be accomplished. Probing into imagery before clients indicate readiness is clearly countertherapeutic and, in 
fact, can be retraumatizing.
\par \b THE DISCLOSURE OF TRAUMATIC MEMORIES \b0 To point out that many survivors must be asked directly about traumatic material if they are to disclose it may be stating the obvious. This issue has been discussed most ofte
n in cases involving the un- covering of early and repressed memories of childhood physical or sexual abuse. In our experience, this general principle extends to all phases of memory work, from initial disclosure to later sharing of the most painful aspe
cts of the memories. Not only must the therapist encourage disclosure initially, but the issue must be revisited, at the therapist's initiative, many times, as openings arise during the therapy process. We raise this point here to remind the reader that 
encouraging the disclosure of traumatic material in a way that is respectful of the client's needs is often a complex and delicate process. The following case vignette describes the complexity of striking a balance between respecting the client's defense
s and conveying an interest in hearing about traumatic material: Marta, an incest victim in her mid 20s, came to therapy because of chronic feelings of depressicn, low self-esteem, and sexual dysfunction in her marriage. A few months into therapy, Marta 
revealed that she had been sexually abused by her stepfather from the ages of 12 to 16. Over several sessions, Marta and the therapist talked about the memories of the abuse and the concomitant feelings and thoughts about it. After a few sessions, Marta 
indicated that she no longer wanted to talk about the abuse and the therapist respected this wish, suggesting that Marta might want to bring it up at a later point in time when she felt more comfortable. This therapeutic approach was consistent with a no
ndirective stance in which the therapist allows the free associations to guide the exploration. The therapist then followed Marta's lead to move into current areas of dysfunction, exploring current life issues in considerable depth. Over the next six mon
ths, Marta never brought up the incest memories and the therapist chose not to bring it up out of respect for Marta's defenses. When Marta needed to terminate therapy because of a move out of town, she and the therapist reviewed the course of therapy.

\par During these termination sessions, Marta brought up the one issue in therapy that had bothered her all along. She said, "After I talked about what happened with my stepfather, you never brought it up again. I thought this meant you didn't think it wa
s important so I never talked about it again, even though it was on my mind. I guess I needed you to encourage me to talk about it even though I wanted to run from it." This therapeutic error, occurring early in one clinician's work with survivors, taugh
t her an important lesson which led to the following guideline with regard to this issue: One should always be respectful of a client's wishes to back away from traumatic memories. Nonetheless, the therapist should periodically acknowledge that this has 
happened and check in with the client about how s/he feels about the possibility of further disclosure. This might involve being somewhat more directive, saying something like Since we last talked about (the traumatic material), I've noticed that you hav
en't brought it up again. I want to respect your need to bring this up when you feel ready. However, I'm also interested in knowing how you're feeling about this and whether there are ways that I can make it easier for you to talk about in here. Often, t
he acknowledgment of the wish to avoid coupled with the message that the therapist is ready and willing to hear more facilitates eventual approach. In some instances, we have observed that survivors will begin sharing previously undisclosed aspects of th
e trauma soon after they are told that their avoidance will be respected. Individuals with strong needs for independence or power may especially need to be reassured that they will not be led, however subtly, into talking about certain material unless th
ey choose to talk about it. \b Anticipatin8 and Resolving Resistances to Disclosure \b0 It is also important to anticipate and explore resistances to disclosing traumatic material. The particular resistance is generally tied to the client's unique self, 
needs, and schemas, an issue that we discuss in Chapter 11. The following resistances are some that often emerge over the course of memory exploration: \bullet  The fear that one will not be believed; \bullet  The concern that the memories may not be rea
l (e.g., that they are only dreams or fantasies); \bullet  The fear that the therapist will be repulsed and disgusted;\page 
\par \bullet  The fear of one's own reactions to the memories, including overpowering rage and aggression or a loss of control o
ver one's emotional states; \bullet  The fear that one will regress to a childlike state, becoming vulnerable, weak, or helpless; \bullet  The concern that talking about the memories will not help or, indeed, will make things worse. As the therapist expl
ores these resistances to disclosure, a common theme may emerge, as in the case of one rape victim who was terrified of revealing the detail of what happened: I'm afraid that I might fall apart if I talk about it in detail. I try to push away some of the
 images because if I don't, I might begin crying and never stop. I don't think I can stand the pain. This led into a discussion of this survivor's strong needs for self- control and her association of emotionality to vulnerability and psy- chological fra
ilty, a very common area of fear among survivors with strong needs for independence. The fear that one will not be able to tolerate the affect without becoming overwhelmed is also particularly salient for clients for whom this self capacity has been comp
romised or was never developed. Other clients might report that they feel terribly ashamed when sharing the memories and are concerned that the therapist will be shocked or perceive them as bad or blameworthy. This might reflect the fear that esteem sche
mas will be disrupted further if images as- sociated with defilement, degradation, or perceived moral failure are revealed. In yet other cases, clients may be fearful that an in-depth exploration of memories will cause a flood of images that won't stop, 
a somewhat realistic fear if they have avoided disclosure in the past and have made the appraisal that they won't be able to cope. The therapist must anticipate these concerns and normalize these fears in order for the memory work to be constructive. An 
educative framework can help the client normalize his or her resources and enhance a sense of hope about proceeding. As clients will often not verbalize these concerns directly, the therapist should be proactive by making statements such as, "Many surviv
ors experience (these concerns) and I'm wondering if these might be concerns for you." The therapist may also want to be explicit about his or her approach to working with traumatic memories, such as allowing time to "dose" or back away, processing emoti
onal reactions and cognitive meanings of the \fs10 \bullet 
\par \fs18 event fully before proceeding, and building the inner resources that will make this work possible. It may be important to reassure clients that they will never be pushed to talk abou
t more than they are ready for and that if the memory work is causing too much distress, the therapist will work with them to discover ways to decrease their distress. The respect that is conveyed to the client during this process is often essential to b
uilding trust, solidifying the alliance, and creating a safe therapeutic environment.
\par \f1 \b Discourasin8 the Disclosure of Traumatic Memories \f2 \b0 In our clinical work and from clients' feedback about their current or previous therapies, we hav
e learned about subtle ways that therapists inadvertently discourage or inhibit the disclosure of traumatic memories. Although some of these errors are very blatant, others are more subtle and should be monitored closely, even by experienced clinicians. 
1. Conveying distress or sympathy (rather than empathy), verbally or nonverbally, may suppress further disclosures. For example, the therapist who leans forward to listen to a particular memory or who registers distress on his or her face may frighten or
 overwhelm certain clients who may experienhe this as an indication that they have upset the therapist because the disclosure is so terrible. Many clients will say that they do not want to feel "pitied" by the therapist. Most often, a calm but empathetic
 tuning in leads to a decrease in distress. Conveying too much feeling will often cause clients to shut down. In this regard, we feel it is valuable to explore, on a continuing basis, the meaning of the therapist's response to the client. Most often, we 
believe that empathy is expressed nonverbally, through one's eyes and presence. This is expressed in the words of one sexual abuse victim who wrote the following in a journal to her therapist: I can see the pain I express to you in your eyes of understan
ding, in a simple acknowledgment of, "Uh huh . . ." 2. The therapist must be aware of signs that he or she has "shut down" or become emotionally distant or numb during a client's trail- matic disclosure. These reactions may be subtle and out of the consc
ious awareness of the therapist. Feeling emotionally untouched by the client's disclosure, moving into questions that relate to factual aspects of the experience, daydreaming, clockwatching, and so forth often indicate emotional distancing. Subsequently,
 the client, unconsciously responding to the therapist, may distance and move away from the traumatic material as a way of protecting the therapist.\page 
\par 3. Prematurely assuming that the event was very distressing to clients by making statements s
uch as, "This must have been very distressing for you" may be risky to the extent that the therapist is not yet aware of the meaning this has for the individual. For some individuals, such as those with high needs for self-control, a reflection that sugg
ests distress may be frightening, connoting such things as fragility, craziness, etc. Making references to the client being a victim, victimized, or damaged by what happened can also be risky to the extent that it may challenge the client's present need 
to deny the full implications of this event. There is evidence that "devictimizing strategies," such as comparing oneself to less fortunate others or not labeling oneself as a victim, can be very adaptive (e.g., Taylor, Wood, & Lichtman, 1983). For some 
clients, the growing awareness that they were victimized can be emo- tionally distressing and needs to be assimilated gradually. This is par- ticularly true for individuals who have minimized previous traumas or for whom earlier traumas have been largely
 repressed. Overall, one should not challenge clients' conceptualizations of the trauma before understanding what this means to them. 4. Exploring seemingly unrelated early childhood material soon after the disclosure can convey the message that the trau
ma is not taken seriously by the therapist or that the therapist doesn't really want to hear about what happened. One incest victim who had been in therapy for three years with a more traditional psychodynamic therapist had repeatedly brought up her intr
usive but fragmented recollections which suggested abuse by her father. The therapist interpreted this preoccu- pation with her father as a defense against talking about her damaged relationship with her mother. Not surprisingly, the client gradually lea
rned to talk about what the therapist wanted to hear and left therapy without ever sharing her deepest concerns. 5. Prematurely attempting to assuage a client's sense of guilt and shame about his or her perceived role in a traumatic incident may also rep
resent a failure in empathy that discourages the client from further disclosures. For example: Julie, a woman in her 40s who had been in therapy for several years with another therapist, had reported a shameful series of events in which she, her sister, 
and several male cousins in puberty had engaged in sexual activity. Because the children were about the same age, the therapist quickly assured her that she had done nothing wrong and that sex play among peers was normal. She \fs10 *
\par \fs18 didn't r
eveal more details about what happened until years later in another therapy when the therapist suggested that this type of incident could be very distressing and traumatic for children. Only then did the client reveal the most shameful and traumatic com-
 ponents of the memory, including forced submission, humiliation, and degrading sexual acts. 6. On a more subtle level, the therapist might respond to a reported memory by probing only into its cognitive aspects, failing to probe fully into the related i
magery and affect. This might occur for a number of reasons. One reaction that is particularly important to monitor is an unconscious desire on the part of the therapist to avoid being traumatized by the emotionally evocative imagery, which relates to a 
process we call vicarious traumatization (McCann & Pearlman, 1990). In our ex- perience, it is also easy to become intrigued by the cognitive processing of memories and their meanings and inadvertently avoid the exploration of imagery. This is a countert
ransference issue which is discussed in McCann and Pearlman (1990).
\par \f1 \b THE THERAPEUTIC MANAGEMENT OF INTRUSIVE MEMORIES \f2 \b0 Over the course of memory work, there are many crises that may be stimulated by a number of internal and external st
imuli. It is essential 1 that the therapist be aware of the possible precipitants for these crises, i as well as having a preliminary understanding of their link to specific i traumatic experiences. As discussed above, both emotional and sensory experien
ces that in any way relate to the traumatic memory can stimulate intense emotional states which clients can experience as crises. In addition, the anniversary of the traumatic event or an important personal occasion (such as a birthday, holiday, or the l
oss of a loved one) can evoke strong reactions. Finally, media events such as reports of violence similar to that ex- perienced by the client can provoke strong emotional responses. While any of these experiences might be manageable under ordinary circum
- stances, the trauma survivor, and especially the trauma survivor who is engaged in memory work, will likely react more strongly to such events. These reactions may include the emergence of intrusive mem- ories. The literature on posttrauma therapy offe
rs many suggestions about i the management of intrusive memories. Here, we synthesize this work\page 
\par and extend it by integrating these recommendations into our own conceptualization of intrusive phenomena. Horowitz (1974, 1976) provided the first
 systematic treatment model for stress response syndromes, with guidelines for managing the os- cillatory states of intrusion and denial. This approach has been elab- orated in numerous treatment articles (e.g., Horowitz, Marmar, Weiss, DeWitt, & Rosenba
um, 1984; Marmar & Horowitz, 1988). The techniques Horowitz (1976) originally described include supporting the client in reducing environmental demands; encouraging appropriate rest and relaxation; decreasing environmental stimuli that arouse recollectio
ns; encouraging "dosing" in which the client changes focus, away from traumatic material, and then moves back to it; providing emotional support during the recollections; aiding in the temporary management of distressing emotions (e.g., the use of antian
xiety medications on a short-term basis); and using such techniques as systematic desensiti- zation. In recent years, there has been evidence that direct exposure tech- niques, such as imaginal flooding, may be associated with a decrease in distressing i
ntrusive symptoms. This technique, developed originally by Stampfl and Levis (1967), has been described in relation to PTSD treatment by Keane and his colleagues (Keane, Fairbank, Caddell, Zi- mering, & Bender, 1985; Keane & Kaloupek, 1982; Lyons & Keane
, 1989). This approach is a variation of, systematic desensitization and is aimed at reducing anxiety associated with traumatic recollections through direct exposure coupled with relaxation training. There is some evidence that this technique is efficaci
ous in the treatment of some PTSD symp- toms among Vietnam veterans (e.g., Foy, Donahoe, Carroll, Gallers, & Reno, 1987; Keane & Kaloupek, 1982) and in a case involving incest (Rychtarik, Silverman, Van Landingham, & Prue, 1984). In the cognitive area, s
tress inoculation therapy has been suggested as a treatment of PTSD symptoms among rape victims (e.g., Kilpatrick, Veronen, & Resick, 1982; Veronen & Kilpatrick, 1983). This approach focuses on managing trauma-related anxiety through the use of relax- at
ion techniques and cognitive techniques, including self-dialogue. Be- low, we offer some variations on these approaches that are consistent with constructivist self development theory.
\par \b Mobilizing the Capacities of the Self \b0 i Although most cl
ients find traumatic recollections, particularly traumatic I. imagery, highly distressing and anxiety-provoking, we believe that this is especially so if the capacities of the self are diminished. The self
\par capacities that are most relevant for modu
lating the potentially fright- ening impact of intrusive memories are those that regulate affect and soothe and calm oneself. We use this as a framework for understanding how to help survivors cope with and manage intrusions. The capacity to regulate aff
ect is closely tied to the ability to soothe and calm oneself. These capacities enable individuals to tolerate and modulate painful affective states and to restore inner calm and self- control. We discussed ways of strengthening these capacities in Chapt
er 7. Here, we focus on mobilizing these resource through_h_..varie of cognitive techniques to cope with traumatic imagery. We conceptualize this process from a self-psy610gy pe\'a5pecti-ve but utilize techniques from the cognitive-behavioral tradition. 
The overall goal of these ap- proaches is to help clients learn to tolerate the anxiety and other strong affects, associated with traumatic imagery, while attempting to soothe and calm themselves. The cognitive-behavioral techniques reviewed above have e
ssentially the same overall goals. However, one distinction between these models and ours is that we focus more on individual differences in the self capacities for managing affects and calming oneself. The following techniques are aimed at mobilizinlf c
apacities in the service of coping with intrusive ms. The first step in this process is to assess thoroughly the internal processes of the individual when s/he is flooded with traumatic imagery. This involves an in- depth exploration of what s/he is thin
king while experiencing the images and the accompanying feeling states, as well as the metacog- nitions, or thoughts about what s/he is thinking and feeling. Most important, the clinician assesses the client's inner dialogue and learns about the content 
of this covert communication. In some cases, the client may be focused primarily on avoiding the anxiety associated with the imagery and will report little or no inner dialogue that is comforting. In that case, one can develop or mobilize the self-soothi
ng capacity by encouraging the client to begin an inner dialogue that is calming and supportive. We describe this process as we applied it in a case of rape: Megan, a woman in her early 30s, came into therapy eight weeks after experiencing a mugging in w
hich she was held up at knife- point and told she would die if she resisted the ensuing rape. She had initially tried to handle things on her own but found that she was continuing to regress and suffer from terrifying nightmares and flashbacks, uncontrol
lable emotional outbursts, severe depres- sion, withdrawal, and a rapid decline in all areas of functioning.\page 
\par She had developed a fearful reaction to any recollections of the trauma and attempted to avoid trauma-related stimuli. Despite these 
attempts at avoidance, she continued to be flooded with traumatic imagery, making it impossible for her to function. Al- though she had told some friends and the present therapist the facts of the rape, she had never verbalized the more painful images. E
arly in therapy the therapist assessed her resources, capacities, and needs. The assessment revealed a bright, competent woman with con- siderable resources and a strong need for independence. However, she appeared to have diminished capacities for self-
soothing and affect regulation as a result of the rape. This was coupled with the self- I loathing she experienced for being weak or out of control. As a result, . she reacted to intrusive imagery by panicking, which resulted in further \b , \b0 self-dev
aluation. The first few weeks of therapy focused on encouraging her to replace her condemning self-statements with soothing self-talk such as, "It's going to be okay, you're going to make it, you're not going to fall apart." Paradoxical techniques involv
ing going with the anxiety as opposed to fighting it were also encouraged in combination with self- soothing. Additionally, she was encouraged to hold herself when she was afraid, to take deep breaths, and to imagine that she was comforting a child in di
stress. This intervention is based on the observation that, initially, many people can imagine empathizing with a hurting child more easily than they can imagine empathizing with the vulnerable self. Another technique was conjuring up the image of her mo
ther, whom she imagined making such comforting statements as, "It wasn't your fault. You're going to get through this." These and other techniques, coupled with the empathetic soothing of the therapist, produced a marked diminishment in distressing intru
sive recollections by the end of the sixth session. Megan was able to return to work and was ready to approach the traumatic material directly without overwhelming anx- iety. Clearly, this case resolved itself so quickly because of early inter- vention in an individual with considerable psychological
 resources. In more difficult cases, such as persons who have been exposed to extreme, prolonged trauma that more seriously disrupts the self capacities, more lengthy self work is often necessary before memory work can proceed. This is described more ful
ly in Chapter 7.
\par \b Takin8 Planned Vacations from Memory Work \b0 Planned vacations from memory work are integral to most treatment models of trauma, a process that has been described as the "dosing"
\par of traumatic material (e.g., Horowitz, 197
6). This view is consistent with a biphasic view of PTSD in which there is a continual approach, working through, integration, and backing away from traumatic mem- ories. At all times, clients are encouraged to explore coping strategies that enable them 
to dose traumatic material. Clients often ask whether it is necessary to open up the painful memories in order to heal. One analogy provided in the literature that we have found useful with some clients is that of a wound that has formed a scab over an i
nfection (Courtois, 1988). In order to allow the wound to heal properly, the scab must be removed, the infected material cleaned out, and the wound must heal. One client built upon this metaphor by expressing powerfully the importance of appropriate paci
ng: Sometimes you have to stop for a while in that cleaning-out process so that the patient doesn't bleed to death. Maybe you have to put a temporary bandage on until the bleeding stops. Then you can go back to the work of cleaning out the old infected m
aterial. Focusing on here-and-now concerns in therapy and developing dis- tractions for time outside of therapy such as exercise or other demanding activities can be valuable as a way of consciously backing away from the memories. The exercise and enhanc
ed fitness program advocated by Ochberg (1988) may be valuable for increasing a sense of mastery as well as providing a needed break from traumatic recollections. For example, Ben was a Vietnam veteran who was often unable to sleep at night because of un
remitting flashbacks and intrusive imagery. He found this most distressing because he felt immobilized and help- less in his chair at night. After exploring activities that might command all of his physical and mental energies, he recalled that he could 
spend hours working in his tool shed engaged in stren- uous woodwork. This activity enabled him to experience a relief from the intrusive images as well as feeling less immobilized and helpless. In cases involving severe intrusive recollections, it is co
unterproductive \b to \b0 allow continual processing of these memories in therapy. The danger of not regulating these experiences is that the client may continually retraumatize himself or herself, with accompanying physiological arousal states that can 
become addictive (e.g., van der Kolk, 1988). In addition,\page 
\par of course, the client will eventually become overwhelmed emotionally, leading to likely withdrawal from therapy.
\par \f1 \b Mastering Trauma-Linked Stimuli \f2 \b0 Consistent with le
arning theory models of trauma (e.g., Kilpatrick, Veronen, & Resick, 1979), it is also helpful to encourage individuals to expose themselves gradually to trauma-linked stimuli which they have avoided. This is important because long-term avoidance of trau
ma- linked stimuli is associated with more severe long-term distress (e.g., Wirtz & Harrell, 1987). The therapist might suggest a program for systematic in vivo exposure as is used in the treatment of agoraphobia (e.g., Michelson, 1987) and described by 
some in the treatment of PTSD (e.g., McCaffrey & Fairbank, 1984). When we employ these methods, we favor gradual pacing over rapid pacing, an approach that is supported in the clinical research on other anxiety disorders (e.g., Michelson, 1987). We take 
a more unstructured approach to this process than do behavior therapists, encouraging individuals to regulate their own pacing of exposure. For example, rape or other crime victims with considerable resources and capacities may be able to give themselves
 weekly as- signments involving graduated exposure, such as going to a park with a friend, taking a walk alone around their apartment complex, and ultimately going back to the scene of the crime. These techniques, coupled with enhanced capacities for sel
f-soothing and anxiety man- agement, can be very helpful in restoring a feeling of mastery.
\par \f1 \b Using Self-hypnosis and Waking Imagery to Regulate Intrusive Memories \f2 \b0 The technique of creating a safe place where one is offered a respite f
rom the traumatic imagery through self-hypnosis or guided imagery can be helpful for backing away from traumatic material. If the client is able to access symbolic imagery, s/he may find it helpful also to create a special place for the memories to be st
ored until s/he is ready to retrieve them with the collaboration of the therapist. Some clients prefer to create a place in the therapist's office, sometimes referring, for example, to a box on the therapist's desk or a file cabinet, where they can leave
 the memories; others may create a place in their own mind, such as a locked chest, to store the memories. These techniques offer no long-term solutions, but may enable some clients to get temporary relief from the intrusions. The journal writing techniq
ue which is advocated in the treatment of incest (e.g., Courtois, 1988) can also provide a way for the memories to have a special place
\par "outside" of the person. In a number of cases, clients have been able to write down memories in their journal an
d store them away until they are ready to bring them into therapy. For example: Clara, a rape victims in her 20s, was too overwhelmed emotionally to share the most degrading parts of her rape. Over the course of a few weeks, she came to understand this a
s a need to protect herself from powerful feelings of shame and self-loathing for what happened. When she began to work this through, she expressed a desire to share what happened but felt too ashamed to tell the therapist face to face. Furthermore, she 
became too distressed when she began to approach the material. The therapist explored with Clara ways in which she might gradually move toward a direct disclosure. Clara came up with the plan to first write down the details at home without subsequently l
ooking at what she wrote. At the first try, she became upset and tore up the piece of paper. The next week she was able to write it down without tearing it up and kept it enclosed in a wooden box. Ultimately,. she was able to bring it to the therapist's 
office to be read but not discussed. This session preceded her reading her account directly to the therapist without becoming emotionally over- whelmed.
\par \f1 \b Transforming Memories Symbolically Through Imagery \f2 \b0 Individuals who feel comforta
ble with guided imagery may begin to transform the traumatic images symbolically as a way of restoring a sense of control. Art therapy has been described as one technique that can facilitate the process of transformation and integration of traumatic imag
ery (Greenberg & van der Kolk, 1987). In this process, as with others, we convey a sense of trust in the client's own inner resources and encourage him or her to allow spontaneous mastery imagery to emerge. The initial directive might be to imagine chang
ing the traumatic scene into one which will offer more control. For example: Gloria, another rape survivor, was terrified at night by images of her attacker's face. She imagined him intimidating and frightening her. The therapist explored with her what i
t would feel like if she could imagine transforming her tormentor into something less threatening. Gloria spontaneously described turning him into a toad. She burst into laughter at the image and was able to use it to dissipate her tension when the scene
 reemerged in her memory.\page 
\par As illustrated here, this technique often mobilizes the self resource of humor and makes the approach toward traumatic material less terrifying. In general, the mastery of traumatic intrusions can be facilitated thro
ugh a number of traditional and creative techniques. Overall, we advocate a stance that is respectful of the person's unique strengths and vulnerabilities, while mobilizing those resources that are most needed at the time. The integration of self work in
to this process provides a way of gradually building resources and capacities that will enable the individual ultimately to integrate the memories.
\par \f1 \b THE THERAPEUTIC UNCOVERING AND RESOLUTION OF REPRESSED MEMORY FRAGMENTS \f2 \b0 In this secti
on, we review the various techniques described in the literature which focus on uncovering and exploring repressed and/or fragmented traumatic memories. Most often, this work is necessary in clients who have experienced traumas in early childhood or youn
g adulthood, traumas which have been buried and unexpressed for many years. \f1 \b The History of and Rationale for the Use of Hypnosis and Guided Imagery in Posttrauma Therapy \f2 \b0 Historically, hypnotherapy of PTSD has been based on abreaction or th
e free expression of repressed emotions. This use of hypnotherapy dates back to Janet (1925) and Breuer and Freud (1895/1955). Drug induced abreaction was commonly utilized in treating war neurosis in World War II (e.g., Grinker & Spiegel, 1945). The use
 of abreaction and catharsis was originally based in Freud's hydraulic model of per- sonality which assumed that pent-up emotions were the root cause of traumatic reactions. In recent years, the abreaction and catharsis models of hypnotherapy in the trea
tment of PTSD have been criticized for a number of reasons. Current thinking is that the primary emphasis of memory work should be on integration rather than an affective catharsis (e.g., Horowitz, 1973; Lindy, Grace, & Green, 1984; Parson, 1984). Abreac
tive techniques can precipitate overwhelming intrusive experiences and affect floods, re- traumatizing the client (Brown & Fromm, 1986). Other theorists have discussed the importance of regulating affects and their expression in order to enhance self-con
trol (e.g., Horowitz, 1973; Lindy, Grace, &
\par Green, 1984), a process that is critical in the stabilization phase of posttrauma therapy (Parson, 1984). This approach is consistent with our view that self work, including enhanced affect regulation, mu
st precede the uncovering of traumatic memories. More recent reports of hypnotherapy among traumatized persons have focused on progressive uncovering, working through, and integration of traumatic material as the client is increasingly able to maintain c
ontrol over the traumatic recollections (e.g., Brende & Ben- edict, 1980; Silver & Kelly, 1985; Spiegel, 1981, 1988). A detailed description of this type of hypnotherapy for PTSD can be found in Brown & Fromm (1986). Brende (1985) and Brown and Fromm (19
86) describe multiple uses of hypnotherapy and guided imagery depending upon the phase of therapy. Brende (1985) describes four cases of hypnosis: as a supportive technique, as an uncovering technique, as an abreactive technique, and as an integrative te
chnique. Likewise, Brown and Fromm (1986) advocate deep relaxation and self-hypnosis during the stabilization phase and controlled uncovering during the integration phase. The use of these modalities should be determined by a number of factors: the willi
ngness and readiness of the client, the phase of therapy, and the availability of considerable resources and capacities. The different approaches em- ployed will be described further below.
\par \f1 \b Contraindications to and Cautions About the Use of 
Hypnosis and Guided Imagery \f2 \b0 \i Contraindications. \i0 A major contraindication to the use of hypnosis is low hypnotizability. Evidence suggests that about 60 percent of people \b are \b0 able to be hypnotized, although, through the use of Erikson
ian methods for indirect hypnotic inductions it is possible to induce a trance state in almost all people (Brown & Fromm, 1986). There is also the observation that in some disguised cases of PTSD persons may have suppressed hypnotic ability in an attempt
 to ward off intrusive phe- nomena (Brown & Fromm, 1986). In some cases involving early child- hood abuse and torture, we have learned that these survivors were controlled through hypnotic techniques. Needless to say, these indi- viduals will experience 
hypnotic states as a terrifying recapitulation of the abuse experience and hypnosis should be avoided until this con- nection is severed. Brown and Fromm (1986), consistent with other authors (e.g., Parson, 1984), also suggest that hypnosis is contraindi
cated in the stabilization\page 
\par phase of posttrauma therapy. Rather, self-hypnosis for relaxation may be adopted in order to decrease anxiety and internalize protective and soothing imagery. Spiegel (1988) describes the value of self-hypnosis as e
nhancing the individual's sense of self through self-care, a view that is very similar to our own. A major contraindication for hypnosis as an uncovering technique is the existence of severely damaged or compromised self capacities. In these cases, we fa
vor the use of waking guided imagery to approach repressed memories gradually. Furthermore, the salient needs of the individual must be understood and respected, with needs for safety, trust, and independence being most relevant to the use of hypnosis. C
learly, clients who do not yet trust the therapist or for whom trust schemas are disturbed will only be frightened by premature suggestions for the use of hypnosis. Likewise, a sense of safety and control within both the therapeutic relationship and the 
self must exist before this work is possible. As hypnosis requires considerable ground work, most often we do not ordinarily employ hypnosis for uncovering memories until many months into therapy.
\par \i Cautions. \i0 In using hypnosis, the therapist m
ust be careful not to create "memories." In the vulnerable state of hypnosis, particularly good hypnotic subjects as well as clients who are feeling pressure to remember may "fill in the blanks" if the therapist provides too much direction (Orne, Whiteho
use, Orne, Dinges, & Nadon, 1989). We attempt to be as nondirective as possible in our hypnotic work,/ especially that aimed at reco,v,e, ring repressed memory fragments. For/ example, rather than saying, Imagine your father in your room will you; what i
s happening?" we are more likely to say, "Go back to a time that was important to you in some way. Where are you? What is happening now?" Although the above example may appear very obvious, we have learned of many subtle ways in which therapists may beco
me too directive in the process of hypnotherapy. Overall, we advocate a nondirective, open-ended stance in which we allow the client to produce the framework for the hypnotic session rather than providing too much direction.
\par \b Education About Hypn
osis \b0 As with other aspects of posttrauma therapy, the therapist explores the meaning of the uncovering techniques to the client and provides a conceptual framework for them. Initially, the client is asked for his or her associations to hypnosis, and 
misconceptions or fears are ad-
\par dressed directly. We generally describe hypnosis as an altered state of consciouness that is similar to other states of deep relaxation and focused attention, such as meditation. Most often, clients will express conc
erns about their ability to stay in control and to be influenced by hypnotic suggestions. Excellent resources exist for helping the clinician know how to frame this experience positively for the client (e.g., Edelstein, 1981). The rationale given for hyp
notherapy will depend upon its intended purpose, whether for relaxation and self-soothing, exploration of hidden resources within the self, or the uncovering and integration of traumatic memories. This process of education and preparation often takes sev
eral weeks or months. In cases involving repressed or frag- mented memories, we may raise the possibility of future hypnotic work early in therapy. A preliminary discussion enables the client gradually to become accustomed to this idea.
\par \b Using \f1 Hypnotherapy and \f2 Guided Imagery \b0 For more detailed explanations of the use of hypnotherapy and guided imagery, we direct the reader to such comprehensive sources as Brown and Fromm (1986), Edelstein (1981), and Erikson and Rossi (1979). Furthermor
e, advanced training and supervision are essential for using this powerful tool in a helpful way. In general, waking guided imagery is recommended initially to in- troduce relaxation and soothing imagery. In the early phases of memory work, guided imager
y can be a nonthreatening way to gradually move toward uncovering traumatic memories. The client may be instructed to create a safe place in his or her mind where \i s/he \i0 is free to explore all aspects of the self. This approach is valuable because i
t supports the client's defenses and provides a protected way to begin delving into more painful material. Often clients will create a beach or country home where they are surrounded by beautiful, calming objects. Brown and Fromm (1986) also describe int
roducing transitional imagery at this point, such as being surrounded by supportive, trusted people such as friends or the therapist. Initially, the therapist avoids delving into areas that might be asso- ciated with traumatic recall. A few sessions will
 focus on allowing the client spontaneously to evoke neutral imagery. Often, these seemingly neutral images will symbolically represent aspects of the repressed or split-off traumatic experience. For example: Marinda, the woman in her 30s previously desc
ribed who presented with a disguised presentation of PTSD, gradually came to suspect\page 
\par that she had been sexually abused as a child. After eight months of therapy and the establishment of a trusting relationship with the therapist, they began t
o use guided imagery and hypnosis as a way of beginning to explore repressed traumatic memories. After a few sessions in which Marinda was able to create a safe place in a beach home, spontaneous imagery emerged about a dark cellar where the shadow of a 
tall, menacing man was lurking behind the cellar door. When asked to explore this issue further, she revealed that the shadowy figure was attempting to lure a child down into the darkness of the cellar. Over several sessions, in which the guided imagery 
alternated with exploration of the feelings and meanings associated with the images, the trauma involving abuse by her father was revealed. In this example, we underscore the importance of using the hypnosis and guided imagery first to establish an envir
onment of safety within which the client can begin to explore the previously repressed or symbolic representations of the trauma. Through a gradual approach toward less disguised manifestations of the memories coupled with the processing of the affects a
nd cognitions associated with the images, the client begins to confront the memories without becoming overwhelmed. If this process had not been very gradual, occurring within the context of a strong, trusting alliance, the client could have easily become
 frightened by the hypnotic induction and fled from therapy. Again, this process is aimed toward a waking integration and working through of the traumatic imagery, rather than toward affective abreaction. The exploration of affect through hypnosis can oc
cur through the affect bridge method described by Brown & Fromm (1986). A variety of hypnoprojective techniques can be useful to facilitate the experience of regulating the process. The theater and television techniques (Brown & Fromm, 1986), the split-s
creen technique (Spiegel, 1981; 1988), and the imaginary videotape (Silver & Kelly, 1985) can enable the client to experience increasing control over affects and images. Techniques similar to these that we have utilized include storing away the memories 
in a safe place, such as a treasure chest or computer disc, until the therapist and client choose to access them. If at any time during the process the client becomes overanxious, s/he can retreat from the images by exiting the scene temporarily, going b
ack to the safe place, or concentrating on clearing his or her mind, coupled with deep breathing. We don't recommend suddenly terminating a hypnotic session or leaving the scene permanently during a moment of high anxiety because
\par it may reinforce a
voidant defenses. Rather, the client is encouraged to discover alternative ways of establishing control and mastery. For ex- ample, as one client approached, in hypnosis, a room in which as-yet unconscious sexual abuse had taken place, she became overwhe
lmed with anxiety. The therapist suggested she go back to a place in the house where she felt safe, get in touch with her resources, and go back to the frightening room with some additional resources, such as her best friend, the therapist, her pet, or h
er adult self. Consistent with our approach, Brown and Fromm (1986) also rec- ommend that each hypnotic session end with a posthypnotic suggestion to remember only those things that will be most helpful or which the client is ready to remember. Each phas
e of the work alternates with waking processing of the experiences in hypnosis. We strongly believe in letting clients be the guide to when they are ready to resume hypnotic sessions. Sometimes, clients will alternate sessions and at other times weeks or
 months may pass before they express a desire to resume this work. During these times, the therapist will help the client continue building resources and capacities, while assimilating the available memories into his or her cognitive schemas. These princ
iples are illustrated in the case of Marinda as therapy proceeded from early exploration of the symbolic represen- tations of trauma to approaching the material in less disguised form. The process of approaching memories and then fully processing them em
otionally and cognitively is also described. This part of the therapy took place eight months into therapy: As Marinda's symbolic images of a man in the basement grad- ually became less disguised, she revealed a vivid memory of being down in the basement
 of her house. Using transitional imagery, she took the therapist along on these excursions as a way of calming and comforting herself. In one hypnotic session, a man who is not yet identified walks down the stairs. She is not frightened because she know
s him. She recalls his big hands and recalls him coming up to her and lying down next to her. She becomes anxious and the therapist stays close to her, reminding her that what she is experiencing is only a memory and cannot hurt her. She is then able to 
remember the man putting his fingers inside her vagina. She begins to sob, crying out, "But why did I just let him, why didn't I fight back?" The next few sessions involved processing her feelings of terror and paralysis and learning that she responded t
o him because she felt he was in such terrible need.\page 
\par A few weeks later we return to the basement where she focuses on the man's hands. The therapist explores her associations to this. She says, "My first thought is that they look like my fath
er's hands, but I don't want to say that because I can't believe it is my father." Several sessions were spent talking about what this would mean to her, how she would feel about herself and her family if this were true. This led into a process of mourni
ng for a family that could not ever respond to her emotional needs. During the next two hypnotic sessions, we discovered one source of internal resistance to revealing what happened. Here, Marinda revealed that a little girl part of her lived inside of h
er and contained the memories. She was called the gatekeeper and her purpose was to protect the adult Marinda. This discovery of a split-off self- representation enabled the therapist and Marinda to understand how the memories had been protected for so l
ong. During the next few sessions she was able to recover other memory fragments and express her sense of vulnerability and aloneness as a small child. She was able to begin working through her self-loathing for having her body respond to the man's em- b
races. In a subsequent hypnotic session, she was able to embrace the little girl inside, holding and comforting her as she cried. This was a very moving session and Marinda reported feeling stronger afterward. A few weeks later Marinda had a series of dr
eams about being raped by a man wearing a black mask. In one of the dreams the man was taunting her. In the next hypnotic session, Marinda tuned in to feeling very small and almost nonexistent, "peripheral." The therapist made the interpretation, "But yo
u're not invisible--you're very much a person with your own feelings and needs." Marinda began to cry and talked about how the man would put her in a trance state before he abused her. She became frightened and she wanted to dissociate into the wall, as 
she had done as a child. The therapist touched her on the shoulder and said, "When I touch you now, you will remember that he has no power over you any more, he cannot mesmerize you any longer. You are here with me now and you are safe." In the next sess
ion she reported a dream in which he began to mesmerize her but she fought back with all her powers. For the first time she realized, "I could hurt him back, I could retaliate." She was for the first time able to acknowledge angry feelings and this incre
ased her feelings of strength. She then had a series of
\par dreams in which her world was coming to an end or her childhood home was exploding. This led her into a process of mourning for the loss of innocence in childhood and a shattering of illusions
 about the family she had always longed for. After processing the grief for a period of weeks, she was ready to take the final plunge into deeper-level memories, confronting for the first time the reality of the sadistic and degrading abuse at the hands 
of her father. During the next six months, the therapy focused on incorporating the full meanings of the abuse into her existing schemas and hypnotic work was no longer necessary.
\par \f1 \b WORKING THROUGH RESISTANCES \f2 \b0 The uncovering of traumat
ic memories occurs gradually and with respect for the client's defenses. We try to work with, rather than against, resistances, and the therapist always conveys a belief in the client's own natural healing abilities. In cases of complicated PTSD, the the
rapist acknowledges that the work will be slow and that there will be times when the symptoms intensify. These periods are handled by the techniques utilized in the stabilization phase, described above. One is likely to meet resistance when the client ap
proaches a deeper layer of traumatic imagery, with the most painful, degrading, shameful experiences being processed well into the therapy. Furthermore, the therapist must recognize that resistances occur when "core structures" or schemas are being threa
tened (e.g., Mahoney & Lyddon, 1988). These schemas are often reflected in the various themes iated with the traumatic memories. In the case of Marinda, the themes that emerged over the course of memory exploration included safety schemas related to viol
ation to her person and loss of bodily integrity, trust schemas related to betrayal and broken promises, and independence schemas related to helplessness to act on her own accord, entrapment, and subjugation. Each memory that was uncovered was connected 
to disrupted schemas in one of these areas and had to be processed thoroughly. We describe the gradual accommodation or change from disrupted schemas to more positive or balanced schemas in Chapter 9.}