{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times;
\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;
\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Times new roman;
}
{\colortbl
;
\red127\green255\blue212;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red190\green190\blue190;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red50\green205\blue50;
\red176\green48\blue96;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red85\green107\blue47;
\red160\green32\blue240;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue0;
}
{\info
{\*\userprops
{\propname creator}\proptype30
{\staticval XMLmind FO Converter}
}
}
\facingp\margmirror\fet0\ftnbj
\sectd
\pghsxn15840\pgwsxn12240
\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800
\margmirsxn
\pgncont\pgndec
{\headerr
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\row
}
{\headerl
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\row
}
{\footerr
}
{\footerl
}
\pard\keepn\qj\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
701—76.4
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(434) Stock and debt approach to unit value.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
76.4(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The stock and debt approach to unit value estimates the market value of the operating property by combining the market values of the common stock, preferred stock, debt, current liabilities, other liabilities, leases, and deferred credits associated with the operating property of the railroad company, on the basis that the market value of these items may be used as a surrogate for the market value of the operating property itself.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
76.4(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The market value of the long-term debt associated with the operating property shall be calculated by first determining a ratio, based on book values, whose numerator shall be the operating property and whose denominator shall be the total property of the railroad company. This ratio shall then be multiplied times the gross market value of the long-term debt and the result obtained shall be the market value of the long-term debt associated with the operating property.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The market value of publicly traded debt shall be determined by utilizing an average of the monthly high and low value of the debt for the 12 months preceding the valuation date. The values to be utilized shall be obtained by reference to any acceptable reporter of the market on which the securities are traded. If all or some of the securities are not publicly traded, the value of the securities shall be determined by appropriate comparable securities. The comparable securities shall be publicly traded and shall have a similar maturity date and coupon rate, as well as risk indicators similar to the untraded security. In each instance, the railroad company shall provide the department a statement of the market value of all securities and an explanation of how that market value was derived, including the identity of any comparable securities utilized. In the event that any utility is unable to utilize the foregoing rule to value its securities, it may provide the department with its own determination of the fair market value of its untraded securities together with a complete explanation of why the foregoing rule was not used and a detailed explanation of the method used.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
76.4(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The market value of the preferred stock associated with the operating property shall be calculated by first determining a ratio, based on book values, whose numerator shall be the operating property and whose denominator shall be the total property of the railroad company. This ratio shall then be multiplied times the gross market value of the preferred stock and the result obtained shall be the market value of the preferred stock associated with the operating property.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The market value of publicly traded shares of preferred stock shall be determined by utilizing an average of the monthly high and low value of the preferred stock for the 12 months preceding the valuation date. The values to be utilized shall be obtained by reference to any acceptable reporter of the market on which the preferred stock is traded. If all or some series of the preferred stock are not publicly traded, the value of such preferred stock shall be determined by appropriate comparable securities. The comparable securities shall be publicly traded and shall have the same or a similar dividend rate, as well as risk indicators similar to the untraded preferred stock. In each instance, the railroad company shall provide to the department a statement of the market value of its preferred stock and an explanation of how that market value was derived, including the identity of any comparable securities utilized. In the event that any railroad company is unable to utilize the foregoing rule to value its securities, it may provide the department with its own determination of the fair market value of its untraded securities together with a complete explanation of why the foregoing rule was not used and a detailed explanation of the method used.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
76.4(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The market value of the common equity of a railroad company associated with the company’s operating property shall be determined by capitalizing the income available to the common equity holders from the operating property, by an appropriate and compatible common equity return rate, all of which shall be determined as follows:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The calculation of the income to be capitalized shall begin with the railroad company’s net income after taxes but before interest charges and preferred dividends for the 12-month period preceding the valuation date. The net income after taxes, but before interest charges and preferred dividends, shall be determined from the railroad company’s regulatory report, or if no regulatory report is filed, from the audited financial statements of the railroad company. In the event the railroad company has no income or has a negative income, an alternative method shall be used to determine the market value of the common equity.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The income determined in 76.4(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“a”
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 shall be adjusted by deducting any net income included therein received from nonoperating property and, conversely, the referenced income shall be increased to account for any net loss created by any nonoperating property.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The income determined in 76.4(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“a”
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 shall be further reduced by that portion of the preferred dividends serviced by the income generated by the operating property, which shall be calculated by multiplying the total preferred dividend requirement by the ratio determined in 76.4(3).
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
d. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The income determined in 76.4(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“a”
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 shall be further reduced by that portion of the debt service provided by the income generated by the operating property, which shall be calculated by multiplying the total debt service by the ratio determined in 76.4(2).
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
e. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
If there are any other interest payments required, a determination shall be made as to whether the underlying obligation was used to purchase operating or nonoperating assets. If no direct determination can be made, the interest payment shall be allocated in the same fashion as the debt service and preferred dividends. If the underlying obligation can be shown to be associated particularly, or in some specific proportion, to operating or nonoperating property, the interest payment shall be allocated either entirely or in such proportion to operating or nonoperating property. It shall be the obligation of the railroad company, in its reports to the department, to identify and detail any interest payments which are particularly associated with operating or nonoperating property, and if the railroad company fails to do so, the department may determine that all such payments may be allocated between operating and nonoperating property in the same ratio as is the debt service and preferred stock dividends (see subrules 76.4(2) and 76.4(3)).
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
f. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Any extraordinary item affecting the income determined herein shall be eliminated in the calculation of the income shown under this rule.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
g. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The equity rate of return for the railroad company shall be determined by the use of the capital asset pricing model although where appropriate discounted cashflow models may be utilized as an alternative. Only in circumstances where these models are not able to be utilized will reliance be placed on a risk premium model or upon an earnings-price ratio, or other similar model, for determining the expected market rate of return on equity.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
h. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The income attributable to operating property available to the common equity holder as determined in 76.4(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“a”
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 to 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“f”
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 shall then be divided by the equity rate as determined in 76.4(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“g,”
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 and the result shall be the market value of the common equity associated with the operating property.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
76.4(5)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 In the event the railroad company has entered into capital leases of operating property, the market value of the property leased shall be determined by calculating the net present value of the leases or net book value of the leases. The net present value shall be accomplished by discounting the future lease payments for each lease. The following is offered as an illustration of the calculation of such market value:
}
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx3830
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
Length of Lease
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qc\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
Annual Lease Payments
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx3830
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
1. Lease (a) 5 years
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\li80\ri680\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
$1,500,000
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx3830
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
2. Lease (b) 7 years
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\li80\ri680\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
$ 800,000
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx3830
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
3. Lease (c) 3 years
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\li80\ri680\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
$ 120,000
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
Net present value of leases (assuming 8 percent rate)
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
Lease (a) = 1,500,000 ÷ (1.08)
}
{\plain\f4\fs14\cf2\ulc2
1
}
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
 + 1,500,000 ÷
}
\par
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\fi893\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
(1.08)
}
{\plain\f4\fs14\cf2\ulc2
2
}
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
 . . . 1,500,000 ÷ (1.08)
}
{\plain\f4\fs14\cf2\ulc2
5
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
Lease (b) = 800,000 ÷ (1.08)
}
{\plain\f4\fs14\cf2\ulc2
1
}
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
 + 800,000 ÷
}
\par
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\fi893\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
(1.08)
}
{\plain\f4\fs14\cf2\ulc2
2
}
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
 . . . 800,000 ÷ (1.08)
}
{\plain\f4\fs14\cf2\ulc2
7
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
Lease (c) = 120,000 ÷ (1.08)
}
{\plain\f4\fs14\cf2\ulc2
1
}
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
 + 120,000 ÷
}
\par
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\fi893\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
(1.08)
}
{\plain\f4\fs14\cf2\ulc2
2
}
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
 . . . 120,000 ÷ (1.08)
}
{\plain\f4\fs14\cf2\ulc2
3
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx3830
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx4046
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
Net Present Value of Lease (a)
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
=
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\li80\ri680\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
$ 5,989,065
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx3830
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx4046
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
Net Present Value of Lease (b)
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
=
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\li80\ri680\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
$ 4,165,096
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx3830
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx4046
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
Net Present Value of Lease (c)
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
=
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\li80\ri680\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\ul\cf2\ulc2
$ 309,251
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\row
\trowd\trleft0
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx1440
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx3830
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx4046
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx5760
\clpadft3\clpadt80
\clpadfb3\clpadb80
\clpadfl3\clpadl80
\clpadfr3\clpadr80
\clvertalt
\cellx7200
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
Total Lease Values
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\li80\ri680\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
$10,463,412
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\li80\ri80\sl200
{\plain\f4\fs18\cf2\ulc2
\~
}
\cell
\row
\pard\qj\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The discount rate shall be equal to the railroad company’s overall market debt rate of return.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
76.4(6)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 In the event the railroad company has other sources of capital including, but not limited to, other liabilities, capital leases, and accumulated investment tax credits which cannot be identified as having been utilized to purchase specific assets, the market value of the sources of capital shall be allocated between operating and nonoperating assets in the same manner as long-term debt or preferred stock. Current liabilities and accumulated deferred income taxes are not to be included in this calculation. The book value of accumulated deferred income taxes should be deducted from the market value of the stock and debt approach before making this calculation. Likewise, current liabilities should be deducted from current assets and the resulting figure, if positive, should be added to the market value of the stock and debt approach and, if negative, should be deducted. The resulting figure, “net working capital,” shall be allocated in the same manner as long-term debt or preferred stock (see subrules 76.4(2) and 76.4(3)). If any source of capital was created specifically for the purchase of property which can be identified as operating property or nonoperating property, the railroad company must identify the sources of capital in its annual report to the department, together with the appropriate evidence. If the railroad company fails to provide the information, the department may determine that the sources of capital may be allocated in the same manner as long-term debt or preferred stock (see subrules 76.4(2) and 76.4(3)). The market value of any source of capital, in the absence of evidence to the contrary submitted by the railroad with its annual report, shall be the book value.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
76.4(7)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The value determined by summing the portions of the enumerated sources of capital associated with the operating property of the railroad company provided in subrules 76.4(2) to 76.4(6) shall be the unit value of the operating properties determined by the stock and debt approach to unit value.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
This rule is intended to implement Iowa Code section 
}
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.legis.iowa.gov/docs/ico/section/434.15.pdf"}{\fldrslt
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
434.15
}
}}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
.
}
\par
\pard\sect
}
