{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times;
\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;
\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Times new roman;
}
{\colortbl
;
\red127\green255\blue212;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red190\green190\blue190;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red50\green205\blue50;
\red176\green48\blue96;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red85\green107\blue47;
\red160\green32\blue240;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue0;
}
{\info
{\*\userprops
{\propname creator}\proptype30
{\staticval XMLmind FO Converter}
}
}
\facingp\margmirror\fet0\ftnbj
\sectd
\pghsxn15840\pgwsxn12240
\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800
\margmirsxn
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts1\pgndec
{\headerr
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx3600
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\clvertalt
\cellx12240
\pard\intbl\li1800\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC 12/10/14
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qc\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Education[281]
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\ri1800\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\row
}
{\headerl
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx3600
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\clvertalt
\cellx12240
\pard\intbl\li1800\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qc\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Education[281]
}
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\ri1800\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC 12/10/14
}
\cell
\row
}
{\footerr
}
{\footerl
}
\pard\keepn\sb57\qc\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
CHAPTER 48
}
\par
\pard\qc\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
STATEWIDE WORK-BASED LEARNING INTERMEDIARY NETWORK
}
\par
\pard\sb210\qj\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
281—48.1
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(256) Purpose. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The statewide work-based learning intermediary network is established to prepare students for the workforce by connecting business and the education system and offering relevant, work-based learning activities to students and teachers.
}
\par
\pard\keep\sl180
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
[
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\b\cf2
ARC 1781C
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
, IAB 12/10/14, effective 1/14/15]
}
\par
\pard\sb210\qj\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
281—48.2
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(256) Definitions. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
For purposes of this chapter, the following definitions shall apply:
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“Core services”\~
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
means services related to work-based learning including, but not limited to, student job shadowing, student internships, and teacher or student tours.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“Department”\~
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
means the Iowa department of education.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“Region”\~
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
means a community college region.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“Regional work-based learning intermediary network”\~
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
means the entity responsible for providing the services defined in subrule 48.4(1) to students in a region.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“Targeted industries”\~
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
means those industries identified pursuant to Iowa Code section 15.102, including advanced manufacturing, biosciences, and information technology.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“Work-based learning”\~
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
means planned and supervised connections of classroom, laboratory and work experiences that prepare students for current and future careers.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“Work-based learning plan”\~
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
means the regional work-based learning intermediary network’s annual grant application.
}
\par
\pard\keep\sl180
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
[
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\b\cf2
ARC 1781C
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
, IAB 12/10/14, effective 1/14/15]
}
\par
\pard\sb210\qj\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
281—48.3
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(256) Statewide work-based learning intermediary network. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The statewide work-based learning intermediary network program is established by the department and shall be administered by the department through the division of community colleges.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
48.3(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Statewide work-based learning intermediary network fund.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 A separate, statewide work-based learning intermediary network fund is created in the state treasury under the control of the department pursuant to Iowa Code section 256.40(1).
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Moneys deposited in the statewide work-based learning intermediary network fund established under Iowa Code section 256.40(1) shall be distributed annually to each region for the implementation of the work-based learning plan pursuant to Iowa Code section 256.40(7).
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
If the balance in the statewide work-based learning intermediary network fund on July 1 of a fiscal year is $1.5 million or less, the department shall distribute moneys in the fund to the regional work-based learning intermediary networks or consortium of regions on a competitive basis. If the balance in the statewide work-based learning intermediary network fund on July 1 of a fiscal year is greater than $1.5 million, the department shall distribute $100,000 to each region and distribute the remaining moneys pursuant to the state aid distribution formula established in Iowa Code section 260C.18C.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
48.3(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Steering committee.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The department shall establish and facilitate a steering committee comprised of representatives from the department of workforce development, the economic development authority, community colleges, institutions under the control of the state board of regents, accredited private institutions, area education agencies, school districts, and business and industry including, but not limited to, construction trade industry professionals. The steering committee shall:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Make recommendations to the department regarding the development and implementation of the statewide work-based learning intermediary network.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Develop a design for a statewide network comprised of 15 regional work-based learning intermediary networks aligned with community college boundaries. The design shall include network specifications, strategic functions, and desired outcomes.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Recommend program parameters and reporting requirements to the department.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
48.3(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Providers.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 No more than one entity from each region will be designated as the regional work-based learning intermediary network. A consortium of entities may collaborate to form a single work-based learning intermediary network in a region.
}
\par
\pard\keep\sl180
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
[
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\b\cf2
ARC 1781C
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
, IAB 12/10/14, effective 1/14/15]
}
\par
\pard\keepn\sb210\qj\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
281—48.4
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(256) Regional work-based learning intermediary network.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
48.4(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 A regional work-based learning intermediary network shall prepare students for the workforce by connecting businesses and the education system and shall offer relevant, work-based learning activities to students and teachers within the region. The network shall:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Conduct a needs assessment in collaboration with school districts within the region to inform the development of core services. Evidence that a needs assessment was conducted shall be maintained and made available upon request by the department.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Provide core services as defined in rule 281—48.2(256).
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Prepare students to make informed postsecondary education and career decisions. Services shall be integrated with other career exploration-related activities such as the student core curriculum plan and the career information and decision-making system developed and administered pursuant to Iowa Code section 279.61, where appropriate.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
d. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Build and sustain relationships between employers and local youth, the education system, and the community through communication and coordination.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
e. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Connect students to local career opportunities.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
f. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Provide a one-stop contact point for information useful to both educators and employers, including information on internships, job shadowing experiences, and other core services for students, particularly related to science, technology, engineering, or mathematics occupations, occupations related to critical infrastructure and commercial and residential construction, or targeted industries.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
g. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Facilitate the attainment of portable, industry-recognized credentials such as the National Career Readiness Certificate, where appropriate.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
48.4(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Work-based learning plan. Each network or consortium of networks shall annually submit a work-based learning plan to the department. Each plan shall detail how the intermediary network will provide core services to all school districts within the region and support the integration of job shadowing and other work-based learning activities into secondary career and technical education programs.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
48.4(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Funding. All funds are to be used to develop or expand work-based learning opportunities within the intermediary network region.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Match.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Of the funds received pursuant to subrule 48.3(1), each regional work-based learning intermediary network shall contribute a match of resources equal to 25 percent pursuant to Iowa Code section 256.40(9). The financial resources used to provide the match may include private donations, in-kind contributions, or public moneys other than the moneys received pursuant to subrule 48.3(1).
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Staffing.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Funds may be used to support personnel responsible for the implementation of the intermediary network program components outlined under subrule 48.3(1).
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
48.4(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Collaboration. Regional work-based learning intermediary networks shall work collaboratively with the statewide intermediary network and stakeholders. Evidence of collaboration shall be documented in each region’s annual report.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
48.4(5)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Advisory council. Each regional work-based learning intermediary network shall establish an advisory council consisting of intermediary network stakeholders from business and industry representatives, including construction trade industry professionals, to provide guidance and assistance in developing the intermediary network’s work-based learning plan. Advisory councils shall meet at least annually. Meeting minutes shall be maintained and be made available upon request by the department. The advisory council shall be subject to open meetings laws under Iowa Code chapter 21.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
48.4(6)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Annual report. Each regional work-based learning intermediary network shall submit an annual report to the department in a manner prescribed by the department. The report shall include, but not be limited to, performance metrics prescribed by the department and a summary of financial expenses.
}
\par
\pard\keep\sl180
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
[
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\b\cf2
ARC 1781C
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
, IAB 12/10/14, effective 1/14/15]
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
These rules are intended to implement Iowa Code section 256.40.
}
\par
\pard\qc\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
[Filed ARC 1781C (Notice ARC 1598C, IAB 9/3/14), IAB 12/10/14, effective 1/14/15]
}
\par
\pard\sect
}
