{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times;
\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;
\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Times new roman;
}
{\colortbl
;
\red127\green255\blue212;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red190\green190\blue190;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red50\green205\blue50;
\red176\green48\blue96;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red85\green107\blue47;
\red160\green32\blue240;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue0;
}
{\info
{\*\userprops
{\propname creator}\proptype30
{\staticval XMLmind FO Converter}
}
}
\facingp\margmirror\fet0\ftnbj
\sectd
\pghsxn15840\pgwsxn12240
\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800
\margmirsxn
\footery1440
\pgncont\pgndec
{\headerr
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\row
}
{\headerl
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\row
}
{\footerr
}
{\footerl
}
\pard\keepn\pagebb\sb210\qj\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
199—19.18
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(476) Capital infrastructure investment automatic adjustment mechanism.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
19.18(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Eligible capital infrastructure investment.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 A rate-regulated natural gas utility may file for board approval a capital infrastructure investment automatic adjustment mechanism to allow recovery of certain costs from customers. To be eligible for recovery through the capital infrastructure investment automatic adjustment mechanism, the costs shall either:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Meet the following criteria:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The costs are beyond the direct control of management;
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The costs are subject to sudden, important change in level;
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The costs are an important factor in determining the total cost of capital infrastructure investment to serve customers; and
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The costs are readily, precisely, and continuously segregated in the accounts of the utility; or
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Be costs for a capital infrastructure investment which:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Does not serve to increase revenues by directly connecting the infrastructure replacement to new customers;
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Is in service but was not included in the gas utility’s rate base in its most recent general rate case; and
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Replaces or modifies existing infrastructure required by state or local government action or is required to meet state or federal natural gas pipeline safety regulations.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Recovery of additional costs for eligible infrastructure investment through an automatic adjustment mechanism under paragraph 19.18(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“b”
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 shall not be allowed after four years from December 7, 2011. The costs of eligible capital infrastructure investment included in rates prior to the end of the four-year period may still be recovered until the utility’s next general rate proceeding filing or until the unit of capital has been depreciated to zero. The utility shall file a proposed tariff annually for recovery after the end of the four-year period.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
19.18(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Determination of recovery factor.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The utility may recover a rate of return and depreciation expense associated with eligible capital infrastructure investments described in subrule 19.18(1). The allowed rate of return shall be the average cost of debt from the utility’s last general rate review proceeding. Depreciation expense shall be based upon the depreciation rates allowed by the board in the utility’s last general rate review proceeding.
}
\par
\pard\keepn\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
19.18(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Recovery procedures.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
a. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 To recover capital infrastructure investment costs that meet the criteria in paragraph 19.18(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“a”
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 through an automatic adjustment mechanism, the utility is required to obtain prior board approval of the automatic adjustment mechanism. The utility shall file information in support of the proposed automatic adjustment mechanism that includes:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 A description of the capital infrastructure investment and the costs that are proposed to be recovered through the automatic adjustment mechanism;
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 An explanation of why the costs of the capital infrastructure investment are beyond the control of the utility’s management;
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 An exhibit that shows the changes in level of the costs of the capital infrastructure investment that are proposed to be recovered, both historical and projected;
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 An explanation of why these particular capital infrastructure investment costs are an important factor in determining the total cost of capital infrastructure investment to serve customers;
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(5)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 A description of proposed recovery procedures, if different from the procedures described in paragraphs 19.18(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“c”
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 and 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“d”
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
; and
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(6)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The length of time that the automatic adjustment mechanism will be in place.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
b. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Recovery of capital infrastructure investment costs that meet the requirements in paragraph 19.18(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
“b”
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 may be made by the utility by filing a proposed tariff with a 30-day effective date. Only one tariff filing to recover capital infrastructure investment costs shall be made in a 12-month period. The utility shall file information in support of the proposed automatic adjustment rates that includes:
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The government entity mandate or action, including compliance with an integrity or safety plan adopted by the gas utility to comply with any such mandate or action, that results in the gas utility project and the purpose of the project, or the safety-related reason requiring the project.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The location, description, and costs associated with the project.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The cost of debt and applicable depreciation rates from the utility’s last general rate review proceeding.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The calculations showing the total costs that are eligible for recovery and the rates that are proposed to be implemented.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(5)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The utility shall provide supporting documentation, including but not limited to work orders and journal entries, to the board staff or the office of consumer advocate upon request.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
(6)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 If the capital infrastructure investment to be included in the automatic adjustment mechanism is based upon an integrity or safety plan adopted in compliance with state or federal natural gas pipeline safety regulations, describe the relationship of the capital infrastructure investment to the integrity or safety plan and the relationship of the integrity or safety plan to a specific state or federal regulation. Provide the date the state or federal regulation was adopted, any relevant compliance dates, and the date the integrity or safety plan was adopted by the utility and how the integrity or safety plan was developed.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
c. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The utility shall calculate the rates for the recovery of the capital infrastructure investment through the automatic adjustment mechanism over the 12-month period beginning from the effective date of the tariff, unless otherwise ordered by the board. Unless otherwise specified in an approved tariff, the capital infrastructure investment factor shall be calculated by taking the total eligible investment costs for the prior calendar year divided by the actual prior calendar year’s sales volumes with the necessary degree-day adjustments. The utility may also use the degree-day adjustment that the utility utilized in the most recent purchased gas adjustment annual filing or any other appropriate degree-day adjustment. The degree-day adjustment shall not be determinative of any weather normalization adjustment in any future rate case.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
d. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The utility shall file an annual reconciliation within 60 days of the end of the 12-month period each year after the initial year in which the automatic adjustment mechanism is implemented that reconciles the actual revenue recovered through the automatic adjustment mechanism with the costs of the eligible capital infrastructure investments proposed to be recovered. The reconciliation shall be for the 12-month period beginning with the effective date of the tariff. Any over-recoveries or under-recoveries from the reconciliation shall be recovered over the ten-month period from the effective date of any adjustment required by the reconciliation.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340\tx680
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
e. 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Recovery of a return on and return of capital infrastructure investment that is eligible for recovery pursuant to an automatic adjustment mechanism approved under this rule shall continue until the effective date of temporary rates in a subsequent general rate proceeding or, if temporary rates are not implemented, until final rates approved by the board in the utility’s next general rate proceeding. To continue recovery, a utility shall file a proposed tariff each year. Once final rates approved by the board in the next general rate proceeding are effective, the automatic adjustment mechanism shall reset to zero.
}
\par
\pard\keep\sl180
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
[
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\b\cf2
ARC 9831B
}
{\plain\f4\fs16\cf2
, IAB 11/2/11, effective 12/7/11]
}
\par
\pard\sect
}
