{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0
{\fonttbl
\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times;
\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;
\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\ftech\fcharset2 Symbol;
\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Times new roman;
}
{\colortbl
;
\red127\green255\blue212;
\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;
\red190\green190\blue190;
\red0\green255\blue0;
\red50\green205\blue50;
\red176\green48\blue96;
\red0\green0\blue128;
\red85\green107\blue47;
\red160\green32\blue240;
\red255\green0\blue0;
\red192\green192\blue192;
\red0\green128\blue128;
\red255\green255\blue255;
\red255\green255\blue0;
}
{\info
{\*\userprops
{\propname creator}\proptype30
{\staticval XMLmind FO Converter}
}
}
\facingp\margmirror\fet0\ftnbj
\sectd
\pghsxn15840\pgwsxn12240
\margtsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1800\margrsxn1800
\margmirsxn
\footery1440
\pgncont\pgndec
{\headerr
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\row
}
{\headerl
\pard\plain\f0\fs57
\par
\trowd\trleft0
\clvertalt
\cellx1800
\clvertalt
\cellx6840
\clvertalt
\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
Ch 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
, p.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
\chpgn
}
\cell
\pard\intbl
\cell
\pard\intbl\qr\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2
IAC
}
\cell
\row
}
{\footerr
}
{\footerl
}
\pard\keepn\pagebb\sb210\qj\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
681—11.1
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
(262) Organization.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
11.1(1)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
President and president pro tem.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Prior to May 1 in even-numbered years, a president shall be elected by the board of regents from its members for a two-year term to commence on May 1 in even-numbered years. A president pro tem shall be elected at the same meeting at which the board president is elected. If a vacancy occurs in the office of board president, the president pro tem shall serve as president until such time as a new president is elected by the board. If a vacancy occurs in the office of president pro tem, a successor shall be elected by the board of regents from its members as soon as practicable.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
11.1(2)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Duties of the president.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The duties of the president include presiding at all meetings of the board, appointing members of all committees and task forces with the consent of the board of regents, executing, with the executive director, such instruments and contracts as may be ordered by the board, and performing such other duties as may be assigned by the board. The president of the board shall serve as an ex officio, nonvoting member of all standing committees.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
11.1(3)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Executive director.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The executive director is elected by the board. The duties of the executive director include recording proceedings of the board, preserving the documents and records of the board, providing a meeting agenda to the board, administering the board office, providing such staff work as may be necessary to assist the board in its planning and decision making, participating in budget preparation and presentation to the board, maintaining liaison between the board and other state agencies, providing information to the general assembly and the public, participating in the preparation and completion of matters relating to financing of capital improvements, and such other duties as may be assigned by the board.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Agendas containing matters to be brought before the board together with supporting material will be assembled by the executive director. Such agendas will be indexed and included in a binder for easy reference. Assembled agendas will be forwarded to members of the board by the executive director about a week prior to any scheduled meeting.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The agenda for the board meeting also will be made available to students, faculty, staff, and the general public through the board office and the public information offices at each institution prior to each board meeting.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
11.1(4)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Submissions and requests.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 Inquiries, submissions, petitions, and other requests directed to the board of regents may be made by letter addressed to the Executive Director, Board of Regents, 11260 Aurora Avenue, Urbandale, Iowa 50322-7905.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Any person may petition for a written or oral hearing before the board. All requests for a hearing must be in writing and state the specific subject to be discussed and the reasons why a personal appearance is necessary if one is requested.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Students, faculty, and other employees of institutions under the control of the board must route their petitions through the chief executive officer of the institution concerned. The chief executive officer will forward the petition, with the chief executive officer’s comments, to the executive director of the board. The executive director of the board will place the item on the agenda for consideration by the board.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
All other persons may request hearings by written petition directly to the executive director of the board. The executive director shall cause the subject matter of the petition to be investigated, make a written report to the board, and place the item on the agenda for consideration by the board.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
If the board grants a hearing, it shall be conducted in the manner prescribed by the board. The board may decide to grant a written hearing, an oral hearing, or both.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
11.1(5)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Adoption of rules and policies.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The board of regents adopts rules and policies having general application to the institutions subject to its governance. The president of each institution is delegated the authority to adopt policies as may be appropriate for the operation of the individual institution and which are not inconsistent with the general rules and policies adopted by the board. The board of regents retains the authority to rescind any institutional policy.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
11.1(6)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Meetings.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The board meets regularly throughout the year. The schedule of meetings is available from the executive director at the address given in 11.1(4). The advance schedule of meetings is shown in each agenda that is distributed to the press and the public at the board meeting. The meeting schedule is to be set several months in advance and indicate the site at which the meetings will be held and the date(s) of the meetings. Formal notification of meeting details is given to the press about a week prior to each board meeting.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
Six members of the board shall constitute a quorum for a meeting of the full board of regents. The number of votes required to constitute a majority for a given purpose shall be a majority of those present, assuming a quorum. Except where otherwise required by statute or these rules, the board shall conduct its meetings according to Robert’s Rules of Order.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
11.1(7)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
General role and scope of regent institutions.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The universities under the control of the board of regents, State University of Iowa, Iowa State University, and the University of Northern Iowa, strive to offer diversified and high quality programs of undergraduate and postgraduate study at reasonable cost to a major segment of those seeking postsecondary education in this state. Educational programs are designed to allow the individual student a wide range of subject selection and the greatest freedom to fulfill potentialities in pursuit of knowledge and in preparation for a role in society.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
These universities are the primary Iowa training ground for the professions including medical doctors, dentists, pharmacists, nurses, lawyers, veterinarians, educators, architects, agriculturists, engineers and others who will achieve advanced degrees in various fields of the arts and sciences. The state universities are deeply committed to research which expands knowledge and benefits society. They make educational programs and the results of research available through extension services and will offer services to the public appropriate to the role of each university.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
General role and scope of the two specialized schools under the board of regents, Iowa School for the Deaf and Iowa Braille and Sight Saving School, are to provide residential, educational, and training programs for the blind and the deaf through grade 12.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
The board of regents is the policymaking body representing the citizens of Iowa. It establishes goals and monitors progress toward those goals to ensure that the institutions under its governance accomplish their mission.
}
\par
\pard\qj\sl250\tx340
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
\tab
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\b\cf2\ulc2
11.1(8)
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\i\cf2\ulc2
Committees.
}
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
 The board of regents may establish standing committees of the board, interinstitutional committees of professional educators drawn from the institutions and staff under its governance, and special committees or task forces. The function of all committees and task forces is to advise the board on matters related to development of policy. An additional goal of interinstitutional committees is to ensure cooperation among the several institutions and promote efficiency of operation.
}
\par
\pard\qj\fi340\sl250
{\plain\f4\fs21\cf2\ulc2
This rule is intended to implement Iowa Code sections 262.9 and 262.12.
}
\par
\pard\sect
}
