{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cfpat1\shading10000\sa200\lang4105\f0\fs24 867 week by week\f1  \par
\f0\~\f1  \par
\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000\b Date\b0  \cell\b Presence\b0  \cell\b\ldblquote ome having done\rdblquote - Capacitor\b0  \cell\b Pre-Readings\b0  \cell\b Submit\b0  \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000\i Jan 9 \cell Suzanne \par
Observation activities\line Fieldnotes \par
Lit review talk \par
Share proposals & preliminary feedback \par
Readings \par
\~ \cell Prelim idea for research question \cell Skim Blaxter \cell Class-based fieldnotes?? \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000 Jan 16 \cell Nick \endash follow up \par
Go over articles \par
Peer review of their propsals \par
Submit AT THE END of 16\super\fs15 th\nosupersub\fs24  \par
\~ \par
Do articles \endash self-directed, so WE are ready to talk about this \par
(* say 3 important things for each article \endash\ldblquote e will make ourselves available to discuss articles along this timeline\rdblquote  \par
\~ \cell 5 article lit review: articles salient/relevant to your proposal. \par
\~ \par
Draft of proposals \cell\b\i0 Denzin & Lincoln Overview of qualitative research methodologies\par
\~ \par
Tuhiwai Smith \par
\~ \par
McDermott & Varenne \par
\~ \par
\~ \cell\b0\i Submit two peer reviews to one another and to us.\par
\~ \par
Accept up until midnight that night \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000\i0 Jan 23 \cell\~ \cell\~ \cell\b McDermott \ldblquote cquisition of a child\'85u8221  \cell\b0\i Revised proposal: should incorporate your peers' reviews and your literature review. Submit to us, we post online \i0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000 Jan 30 \cell\i Milena\par
\par
Ethics workshop. Preparing and submitting applications for ethics review.\par
\par
Milena stands in for Barb Ralph.\par
\cell\b\i0 Draft of ethics\par
(need link to ore docs)\b0  \cell\b S. Katz Can a teacher ever know too much \par
\~ \par
Periscopic \par
\~ \par
Ch on betrayal\~ from Visweswaran \par
\~ \par
\~ \par
\~ \par
Kai T Erikson "a comment on disguised observation in sociology" \par
\~ \par
Punch, Politics & Ethics \cell\b0\i Submit ethics applications by end of the atelier.\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000\i0 Feb 6 \cell\b On campus \endash BOOK two meeting rooms \par
Two separate groups of 6 each: arbitrary \par
Present methodology piece \endash explain their methodology \par
Template powerpoint: \par
1) overview/description of methodology \par
2) key authors/texts/studies/concepts \par
3) blind spots \par
4) rationale for their choice \par
5) how it informs study/ methods \par
6) Primary methodological question for them at that stage? \b0\par
\par
\b need room numbers\b0\~ \par
\cell\i 15 minute presentation on methodology \i0\cell\b Paradigms & prejudice (mind culture activity) \par
\~ \par
Visual methodologies \par
- Pink article\b0\cell\i Submit their ppts to go online: furnish a typology/chart of methodologies \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000\i0 Feb 13 \cell\i OLYMPICS \par
\i0\cell\i\~ Put methods into practice. Articles are supposed to inform your own research by giving you validated models of data collection.\par
\par
Need to PILOT your data, even if it means just one person\cell\b\i0 Data-gathering practices \par
2 articles each for:\par
- fieldnotes \par
- interviews\par
Oakley \par
- observations\par
Adler \par
- visual methods\par
Bubble dialogues (chers's?)\par
Photo elicitation\par
- focus groups \par
- qu\rquote naires \par
\~ \cell\b0\~ \i PILOT your research instruments. Even if it's only on one other person. Just make sure what you're asking your research subjects to do is clear, humane, and useful, and doesn't take up too much of their time.\i0\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000 Feb 20 \cell\i OLYMPICS \par
\par
Sktype tutorials with Suzanne\par
To be arranged individually. At least 15 minutes' discussion on their research topic.\par
Come prepared with the following information:\par
- what methods & instruments you're using\par
- where you got it from (readings)\par
- what happened when you piloted it & how you're refining it\i0\cell\~ \cell\cell\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000 Feb 27 \cell\i Peer to peer atelier\par
\par
Bring in any & all questions to the group for a peer-led atelier in two working groups (doesn't have to be same groups as Feb 6)\par
\par
Book report on a \ldblquote key text\rdblquote using the same methodology they\rquote re using \par
\i0\par
\cell\~\i Preparing samples of data for analysis. Writing up fieldwork.\i0\cell\~ \cell\i 3 minute Vlog or 3 slide ppt\par
- what did you learn about this methodology that you could only understand b/c this is in the context of an entire book (vs one article).\par
\par
How does this book deepen & extend your understanding of the methodology you want to use in your project & what kinds of methods you will use?\cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000\i0 Mar 6 \cell\i Nick Atelier \par
Coding & Analysis \par
I have to go from Van to SF \i0\cell\i Bring data that's able to be coded (transcripts, photographs, fieldnotes, questionnaires, a/v material, bubble dialogues, etc.)\i0\cell\~ \b CODING articles\par
TBD.\par
Grounded theory?\par
Charmaz constructing grounded theory, ch 3 (p. 42 on)\b0\cell\~ \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000 Mar 13 \cell\cell\~ Complete fieldwork & analysis\cell\~ \cell\~ \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000 Mar 20 \cell\cell\~ \~ Complete fieldwork & analysis\cell\~ \cell\~ \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000 Mar27 \cell Skype meetings with either Sz or Nick or Milena. \par
"checkpoint" -- relate problems & issues, and how you're going to address them\cell\~ \~Prepare presentation\par
15 minutes each\par
Ppt or other method\cell\~ \cell\~ \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000 Apr 3 \cell  \cell\~Prepare presentation\par
15 minutes each\par
Ppt or other method\cell\~ \cell\~ \cell\row\trowd\trgaph10\trleft-10\trpaddl10\trpaddr10\trpaddfl3\trpaddfr3
\cellx770\cellx4690\cellx6310\cellx8170\cellx10030\pard\intbl\cfpat1\shading10000 Apr 10 \cell Suzanne \par
Present work\par
\~ \cell\~ \cell\~ \cell\~ Submit by April 18 a 12-14 page research report.\cell\row\pard\cfpat1\shading10000\sa200\f0\~\f1  \par
\pard\cfpat1\shading10000\sa200\qr\f0\~\f1  \par
\pard\cfpat1\shading10000\sa200\f0 Course can\rquote  run if people are late\f1  \par
\f0 This is a course where everyone can get an A if you DO THE WORK \endash but the work is demanding. SO if you can\rquote  do your work ON TIME, you can\rquote  get an A.\f1  \par
\f0\~\f1  \par
\f0 Lose one part of a letter grade for each day late (e.g. A+ work only gets an A if 1 day late; if 2 days late, A-)\f1  \par
}
 