{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\deflang1033
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;}{\fonttbl{\f2\fswiss Arial;}{\f1\fmodern Courier New;}{\f3\fdecor Symbol;}{\f0\froman Times New Roman;}{\f4\fnil Wingdings;}}
{\info{\subject EDGAR Online Pro}{\version3}{\*\company EDGAR Online, a division of Donnelley Financial Solutions}{\author EDGAR Online HTML to RTF Converter. Version 3.0}{\*\category \0001104659-22-066529.html.ecq}{\doccomm Source: EDGAR Online, a division of Donnelley Financial Solutions \'a9 Copyright 2022. All rights reserved.}{\title AMAZON COM INC (Form: SD, Received: 05/31/2022 16:05:08)}}
\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl360\margr360\margt360\margb360\headery0\footery0\sprstsp\sprsbsp\sprsspbf\sprslnsp\widowctrl\viewscale100
{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_1}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_1}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_2}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_2}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_3}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_3}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_4}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_4}\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \brdrt\brdrs\brdrw36\brdrcf0\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0 {\fs2 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb18 {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b UNITED STATES}}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION}}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b Washington, D.C. 20549}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 _________________________}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b FORM\u160?SD}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 _________________________}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b Specialized Disclosure Report}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 _________________________}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b AMAZON.COM,\u160?INC.}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 _________________________}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\cellx5309 \clvertalb\cellx5539 \cellx11290 \clvertalb\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\qc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Delaware}}}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\qc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b 000-22513}}}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \row
\pard \intbl\qc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation\line or organization)}}}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\qc \li54 {\fs18 {\b (Commission File Number)}}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \row}
\pard \qc {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b 410 Terry Avenue North, Seattle, Washington 98109-5210}}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b David A. Zapolsky, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary (206) 266-1000}}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b (Name and telephone number, including area code, of the person to contact in connection with this report.)}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 Check the appropriate box to indicate the rule\u160?pursuant to which this form is being filed:}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\f4 x} Rule\u160?13p-1 under the Securities Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13p-1) for the reporting period from January\u160?1 to December\u160?31, 2021.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\f4 \u168?} Rule\u160?13q-1 under the Securities Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13q-1) for the fiscal year ended ____.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \brdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw36\brdrcf0 \sb18 {\fs2 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb36 {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\b ITEMS 1.01 AND 1.02. CONFLICT MINERALS DISCLOSURE AND REPORT; EXHIBIT.}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\ul Conflict Minerals Disclosure}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {The Conflict Minerals Report filed for the calendar year ended December\u160?31, 2021 is available at} www.amazon.com/ir.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 A Conflict Minerals Report for the calendar year ended December\u160?31, 2021 is filed herewith as Exhibit\u160?1.01.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_5}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_5}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\b ITEM 3.01. EXHIBITS.}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalb\cellx936 \clvertalb\cellx1166 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalb\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\qc \li54 {\fs18 {\b Exhibit}}\par
\pard \intbl\qc \li54 {\fs18 {\b Number}}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalb \li36 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Description}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clvertalb\cellx936 \clvertalb\cellx1166 \clvertalb\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\cellx936 \clvertalb\cellx1166 \cellx11520 \pard \intbl\qc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub 1.01}}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl \li36 {\fs18 {\field\fldedit{\*\fldinst { HYPERLINK "" \\l "BKMK_6"}}{\fldrslt\ul {\nosupersub {Conflict Minerals Report}}}}}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\b SIGNATURES}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \fi324 {\fs18 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the duly authorized undersigned.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clvertalb\cellx5658 \cellx11520 \pard \intbl\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl \ri36 {\fs18 {\nosupersub AMAZON.COM,\u160?INC. (REGISTRANT)}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clvertalb\cellx5658 \clvertalb\cellx6185 \clvertalb\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clvertalb\cellx5658 \clvertalb\cellx6185 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalb\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 {\nosupersub By:}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 {\nosupersub /s/ {David A. Zapolsky}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clvertalb\cellx5658 \clvertalb\cellx6185 \clvertalb\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b David A. Zapolsky}}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 \u160?}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalb \ri16 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Senior Vice President}}}\cell \row}
\pard \qr {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 Dated: May\u160?31, 2022}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 {\*\bkmkstart BKMK_7}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_7}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_8}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_8}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_9}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_9}\par
\pard \qr \pagebb {\fs18 {\b Exhibit\u160?1.01}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \qc {\fs18 {\ul Conflict Minerals Report}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 For 2021, we have completed our analysis of the suppliers for Amazon electronic devices, fashion and apparel, and other consumer products that fall within the scope of the applicable rules\u160?(collectively, in-scope products). A majority of these suppliers certified that they: did not use gold, tin, tungsten, or tantalum in parts or components for our in-scope products; did not source these minerals from the Democratic Republic of the Congo or an adjoining country, referred to as the DRC region; or sourced these minerals from a smelter or refiner that complies with a responsible mineral sourcing validation program such as the Responsible Minerals Assurance Process. The remaining suppliers are still completing investigations of their supply chains. As discussed in the Conclusion, for 2021, we identified no suppliers that were sourcing minerals through a supply chain that benefitted armed groups in the DRC region.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 Pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Commission\u8217?s conflict minerals rules, we designed our due diligence on the source and chain of custody of the gold, tin, tungsten, and tantalum in our in-scope products in accordance with the OECD\u8217?s {\i Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas Third Edition}, and the related {\i Supplements on Tin, Tantalum and Tungsten} and {\i on Gold}. We undertook the steps described below as part of our due diligence process:}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\i Establish strong company management systems}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 We are committed to avoiding the use of minerals that have fueled conflict, and we expect our suppliers to support our efforts to identify the origin of gold, tin, tungsten, and tantalum used in products that we manufacture or contract to manufacture. Our policy is reflected in our Supply Chain Standards, available at https://sustainability.aboutamazon.com/social-responsibility#section-nav-id-0, which we communicate to our suppliers through our supplier screening process, contracts with suppliers, or by sending our suppliers a copy of the Supplier Code.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 In 2012, we established a conflict minerals group, which includes representatives from supply chain management, sustainability, and legal. The group implemented a process to identify within Amazon\u8217?s businesses the products that we manufacture or contract to manufacture potentially containing gold, tin, tungsten, or tantalum. Based on that process, we concluded that the conflict minerals rules\u160?applied to our in-scope products, and the group identified, engaged with, and made inquiries of, our suppliers that, based on our reasonable country of origin inquiry, we believed sourced gold, tin, tungsten, or tantalum from the DRC region in 2021.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\i Identify and assess risk in the supply chain}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 Our conflict minerals due diligence is based on a survey process in which we request information from our in-scope product suppliers through the Conflict Minerals Reporting Template prepared by the Responsible Minerals Initiative. In addition, we communicated with each of our suppliers to confirm the accuracy of the information provided in their most recent template.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 The completed templates were reviewed by our conflict minerals group, and the findings were reported to senior management.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\i Design and implement a strategy to respond to identified risks; engagement with certain suppliers}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 If we became aware that a supplier was sourcing gold, tin, tungsten, or tantalum from the DRC region, we then reviewed the smelters or refiners identified by the supplier against lists of facilities that comply with a responsible mineral sourcing validation program in order to determine whether the smelter or refiner that processed those minerals had been audited by an independent third party. We actively reviewed and discussed our policy regarding gold, tin, tungsten, and tantalum with each supplier unable to determine the origin of gold, tin, tungsten, or tantalum and we will continue evaluating the results of their efforts.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\i Report on supply chain due diligence}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 This report is publicly filed with the SEC and is available at www.amazon.com/ir.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\b Conclusion}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 While, for 2021, we identified no suppliers that were sourcing minerals through a supply chain that benefitted armed groups in the DRC region, some of the suppliers for our in-scope products are still working to determine country of origin and facility information, and other suppliers are still investigating whether the facilities they identified were used to process the gold, tin, tungsten, or tantalum in our in-scope products. For suppliers that were unable to determine the sources of such minerals, we:}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\cellx344 \cellx688 \cellx11520 \pard \intbl\sl-1 \cell \pard \intbl \ri16 {\fs18 {\nosupersub \u8226?}}\cell \pard \intbl \ri16 {\fs18 actively reviewed and discussed with each such supplier our policy regarding gold, tin, tungsten, and tantalum, and}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\cellx344 \cellx688 \cellx11520 \pard \intbl\sl-1 \cell \pard \intbl \ri16 {\fs18 {\nosupersub \u8226?}}\cell \pard \intbl \ri16 {\fs18 will continue evaluating the results of their efforts in 2022 in order to mitigate the risk that minerals procured by any of our suppliers benefit armed groups in the DRC region.}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Annex A below includes a list of known smelters and refiners that may have processed gold}, tin, tungsten, or tantalum in the in-scope products, based on our review of data from several sources, including information reported to us by suppliers for our in-scope products that provided facility information and information obtained through engagement with processing facilities. Because many of the suppliers for our in-scope products that provided country of origin and facility information provided this information to us for their entire supply chain, without specifying which facilities contributed gold, tin, tungsten, or tantalum used in components of the in-scope products, we are unable to validate the accuracy of the list in Annex A, including which of these facilities in fact processed the gold, tin, tungsten, or tantalum used in the in-scope products.}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_10}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_10}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\b Annex A}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx1167 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx7146 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Mineral}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Smelter or Refiner Name}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Country Location of Smelter or Refiner}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub 8853 SpA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Italy}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Abington Reldan Metals, LLC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Advanced Chemical Company}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Aida Chemical Industries Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Al Etihad Gold Refinery DMCC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United Arab Emirates}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Alexy Metals}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Allgemeine Gold und Silberscheideanstalt AG}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Almalyk Mining and Metallurgical Complex}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Uzbekistan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub AngloGold Ashanti C\u243?rrego do S\u237?tio Minera\u231?\u227?o}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Argor-Heraeus SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Switzerland}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Asahi Pretec Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Asahi Refining Canada Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Canada}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Asahi Refining USA Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Asaka Riken Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Atasay Kuyumculuk Sanayi Ve Ticaret AS}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Turkey}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub AU Traders and Refiners}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub South Africa}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Augmont Enterprises Private Limited}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Aurubis AG}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Bangalore Refinery}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Boliden AB}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Sweden}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 C. Hafner GmbH + Co. KG}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalb\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalb\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalb\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\vertalb \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 C.I Metales Procesados Industriales SAS}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Colombia}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Caridad}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Mexico}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Cendres + M\u233?taux SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Switzerland}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Central Bank of the Philippines}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Philippines}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CGR Metalloys Pvt Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Chimet SpA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Italy}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Chugai Mining}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Daejin Indus Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Daye Non-ferrous Metals Mining Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Degussa Sonne / Mond Goldhandel GmbH}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Dijllah Gold Refinery FZC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United Arab Emirates}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Do Sung Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub DODUCO Contacts and Refining GmbH}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Dowa}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub DS PRETECH Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Eco-System Recycling Co.,\u160?Ltd. East Plant}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_11}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_11}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx1167 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx7146 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Mineral}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Smelter or Refiner Name}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Country Location of Smelter or Refiner}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Eco-System Recycling Co.,\u160?Ltd. North Plant}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Eco-System Recycling Co.,\u160?Ltd. West Plant}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Elemetal Refining, LLC }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Emirates Gold DMCC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United Arab Emirates}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Fujairah Gold FZC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United Arab Emirates}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub GCC Gujrat Gold Centre Pvt. Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Geib Refining Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Glencore Canada Corporation - CCR Refinery}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Canada}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalb\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalb\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalb\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\vertalb \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold Coast Refinery}}\cell \pard \intbl\vertalb \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Ghana}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold Refinery of Zijin Mining Group Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Great Wall Precious Metals Co.,\u160?Ltd. of CBPM}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Guangdong Jinding Gold Limited}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Guoda Safina High-Tech Environmental Refinery Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Hangzhou Fuchunjiang Smelting Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Heimerle + Meule GmbH}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Heraeus Metals Hong Kong Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Heraeus Precious Metals GmbH\u160?& Co. KG}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Hunan Chenzhou Mining Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Hunan Guiyang Yinxing Non-ferrous Smelting Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub HwaSeong CJ Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Industrial Refining Company }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Belgium}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Inner Mongolia Qiankun Gold and Silver Refinery Share Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub International Precious Metal Refiners}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United Arab Emirates}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Ishifuku Metal Industry Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Istanbul Gold Refinery}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Turkey}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Italpreziosi SpA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Italy}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub JALAN\u160?& Company}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan Mint}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangxi Copper Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub JSC Ekaterinburg Non-ferrous Metal Processing Plant}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub JSC Uralelectromed}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub JX Nippon Mining\u160?& Metals Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kazakhmys Smelting LLC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kazakhstan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kazzinc}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kazakhstan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kennecott Utah Copper LLC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub KGHM Polska Miedz Sp\u243?lka Akcyjna}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Poland}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kojima Chemicals Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_12}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_12}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx1167 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx7146 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Mineral}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Smelter or Refiner Name}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Country Location of Smelter or Refiner}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Korea Zinc Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kundan Care Products Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kyrgyzaltyn JSC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kyrgyzstan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kyshtym Copper-Electrolytic Plant ZAO}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub L\u8217?azurde Company For Jewelry}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Saudi Arabia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Lingbao Gold Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Lingbao Jinyuan Tonghui Refinery Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub L\u8217?Orfebre SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Andorra}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub LS-NIKKO Copper Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub LT Metal Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Luoyang Zijin Yinhui Gold Refinery Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Marsam Metals}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Materion}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Matsuda Sangyo Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metal Concentrators SA (Pty) Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub South Africa}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metallix Refining Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metalor Technologies (Hong Kong) Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metalor Technologies (Singapore) Pte.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Singapore}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metalor Technologies (Suzhou) Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metalor Technologies SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Switzerland}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metalor USA Refining Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metal\u250?rgica Met-Mex Pe\u241?oles SA de CV}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Mexico}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Mitsubishi Materials Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Mitsui Mining and Smelting Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub MMTC-PAMP India Pvt. Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Modeltech Sdn Bhd}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Malaysia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Morris and Watson}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub New Zealand}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Morris and Watson Gold Coast}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Australia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Moscow Special Alloys Processing Plant}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Nadir Metal Rafineri San. ve Tic. AS}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Turkey}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Navoi Mining and Metallurgical Combinat}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Uzbekistan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub NH Recytech Company}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Nihon Material Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub \u214?gussa \u214?sterreichische Gold- und Silber-Scheideanstalt GmbH}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Austria}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Ohura Precious Metal Industry Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub OJSC Gulidov Krasnoyarsk Non-ferrous Metals Plant}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub OJSC Novosibirsk Refinery}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PAMP SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Switzerland}}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_13}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_13}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx1167 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx7146 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Mineral}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Smelter or Refiner Name}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Country Location of Smelter or Refiner}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Pease\u160?& Curren}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Penglai Penggang Gold Industry Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Planta Recuperadora de Metales SpA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Chile}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Prioksky Plant of Non-ferrous Metals}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Aneka Tambang (Persero) Tbk}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PX Pr\u233?cinox SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Switzerland}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub QG Refining, LLC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Rand Refinery (Pty) Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub South Africa}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Refinery of Seemine Gold Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Remondis PMR BV}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Netherlands}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic Metals Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Royal Canadian Mint}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Canada}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub SAAMP}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub France}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Sabin Metal Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Safimet SpA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Italy}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub SAFINA AS}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Czech Republic}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Sai Refinery}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Samduck Precious Metals}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Samwon Metals Corp.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Sancus ZFS (L\u8217?Orfebre, SA)}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Colombia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub SAXONIA Edelmetalle GmbH}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Schone Edelmetaal B.V.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Netherlands}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Sempsa Joyer\u237?a Plater\u237?a SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Spain}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Shandong Humon Smelting Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Shandong Tiancheng Biological Gold Industrial Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Shandong Zhaojin Gold\u160?& Silver Refinery Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Shirpur Gold Refinery Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Sichuan Tianze Precious Metals Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Singway Technology Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Taiwan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub So Accurate Group,\u160?Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub SOE Shyolkovsky Factory of Secondary Precious Metals}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Solar Applied Materials Technology Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Taiwan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Sovereign Metals}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub State Research Institute Center for Physical Sciences and Technology}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Lithuania}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Sumitomo Metal Mining Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub SungEel HiMetal Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub T.C.A. SpA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Italy}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tanaka Kikinzoku Kogyo KK}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx1167 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx7146 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx11520 {\*\bkmkstart BKMK_14}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_14}\pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Mineral}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Smelter or Refiner Name}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Country Location of Smelter or Refiner}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub The Refinery of Shandong Gold Mining Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tokuriki Honten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tongling Non-ferrous Metals Group Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub TOO Tau-Ken-Altyn}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kazakhstan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Torecom}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Umicore Brasil Ltda.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Umicore Precious Metals Thailand}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Thailand}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Umicore S.A. Business Unit Precious Metals Refining}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Belgium}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United Precious Metal Refining,\u160?Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Valcambi SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Switzerland}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Western Australian Mint (trading as The Perth Mint)}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Australia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Wieland Edelmetalle GmbH}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Yamakin Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Yokohama Metal Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Yunnan Copper Industry Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gold}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Zhongyuan Gold Smelter of Zhongjin Gold Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Asaka Riken Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Changsha South Tantalum Niobium Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CP Metals Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub D Block Metals, LLC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Exotech Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub F&X Electro-Materials Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Fir Metals\u160?& Resource Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Global Advanced Metals Aizu}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Global Advanced Metals Boyertown}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_15}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_15}\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Guangdong Rising Rare Metals-EO Materials Ltd. }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Guangdong Zhiyuan New Material Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub H.C. Starck Co.,\u160?Ltd. }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Thailand}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub H.C. Starck Hermsdorf GmbH}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub H.C. Starck Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub H.C. Starck Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub H.C. Starck Tantalum and Niobium GmbH}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Hengyang King Xing Lifeng New Materials Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangxi Dinghai Tantalum\u160?& Niobium Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangxi Tuohong New Raw Material}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiujiang Jinxin Non-ferrous Metals Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiujiang Tanbre Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiujiang Zhongao Tantalum\u160?& Niobium Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub KEMET Blue Metals}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Mexico}}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_16}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_16}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx1167 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx7146 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Mineral}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Smelter or Refiner Name}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Country Location of Smelter or Refiner}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub LSM Brasil SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metallurgical Products India Pvt.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Minera\u231?\u227?o Taboca SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Mitsui Mining and Smelting Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Ningxia Orient Tantalum Industry Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub NPM Silmet AS}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Estonia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Power Resources Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of North Macedonia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub QuantumClean}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Resind Ind\u250?stria e Com\u233?rcio Ltda.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Solikamsk Magnesium Works OAO}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Taki Chemical Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Telex Metals}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Ulba Metallurgical Plant JSC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kazakhstan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub XinXing HaoRong Electronic Material Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Yancheng Jinye New Material Technology Co.,\u160?Ltd. }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tantalum}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Yanling Jincheng Tantalum\u160?& Niobium Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Alpha}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub An Thai Minerals Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Vietnam}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub An Vinh Joint Stock Mineral Processing Company}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Vietnam}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Chenzhou Yunxiang Mining and Metallurgy Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Chifeng Dajingzi Tin Industry Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China Tin Group Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CNMC (Guangxi) PGMA Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Cooperativa Metalurgica de Rondonia Ltda. }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CRM Fundicao De Metais E Comercio De Equipamentos Eletronicos Do Brasil Ltda}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CRM Synergies}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Spain}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CV Ayi Jaya}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CV Dua Sekawan}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CV Gita Pesona}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CV United Smelting}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CV Venus Inti Perkasa}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Dongguan CiEXPO Environmental Engineering Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Dowa}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Electro-Mechanical Facility of the Cao Bang Minerals\u160?& Metallurgy Joint Stock Company}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Vietnam}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub EM Vinto}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Bolivia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Estanho de Rondonia SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Fabrica Auricchio Industria e Comercio Ltda.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_17}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_17}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx1167 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx7146 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Mineral}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Smelter or Refiner Name}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Country Location of Smelter or Refiner}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Fenix Metals}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Poland}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Ganzhou Huaxing Tungsten Products Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gejiu City Fuxiang Industry and Trade Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gejiu Fengming Metallurgy Chemical Plant}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gejiu Kai Meng Industry and Trade LLC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gejiu Non-ferrous Metal Processing Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gejiu Yunxin Non-ferrous Electrolysis Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Gejiu Zili Mining and Metallurgy Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Guangdong Hanhe Non-ferrous Metal Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Guanyang Guida Non-ferrous Metal Smelting Plant}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub HuiChang Hill Tin Industry Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Huichang Jinshunda Tin Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangxi Ketai Advanced Material Co.,\u160?Ltd. }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangxi New Nanshan Technology Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Luna Smelter,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Rwanda}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Ma\u8217?anshan Weitai Tin Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Magnu\u8217?s Minerais Metais e Ligas Ltda.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Malaysia Smelting Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Malaysia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Melt Metais e Ligas SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metallic Resources,\u160?Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metallo Belgium NV}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Belgium}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Metallo Spain SLU}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Spain}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Minera\u231?\u227?o Taboca SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Minsur}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Peru}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Mitsubishi Materials Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Modeltech Sdn Bhd}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Malaysia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Nghe Tinh Non-ferrous Metals Joint Stock Company}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Vietnam}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub O.M. Manufacturing (Thailand) Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Thailand}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub O.M. Manufacturing Philippines,\u160?Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Philippines}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Operaciones Metal\u250?rgicas SA}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Bolivia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Pongpipat Company Limited}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Myanmar}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Precious Minerals and Smelting Limited}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub India}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Aries Kencana Sejahtera}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Artha Cipta Langgeng}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT ATD Makmur Mandiri Jaya}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Babel Inti Perkasa}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Babel Surya Alam Lestari}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Bangka Prima Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Bangka Serumpun}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_18}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_18}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx1167 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx7146 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Mineral}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Smelter or Refiner Name}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Country Location of Smelter or Refiner}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Bangka Tin Industry }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Belitung Industri Sejahtera}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Bukit Timah}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Cipta Persada Mulia }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT DS Jaya Abadi }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Eunindo Usaha Mandiri }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Inti Stania Prima }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Justindo }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Karimun Mining}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Kijang Jaya Mandiri}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Lautan Harmonis Sejahtera}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Menara Cipta Mulia}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Mitra Stania Prima}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Mitra Sukses Globalindo}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT O.M. Indonesia}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Panca Mega Persada }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Premium Tin Indonesia}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Prima Timah Utama}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Rajawali Rimba Perkasa}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Rajehan Ariq}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Refined Bangka Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Sariwiguna Binasentosa}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Stanindo Inti Perkasa}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Sukses Inti Makmur}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Sumber Jaya Indah}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Timah Nusantara}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Timah Tbk Kundur}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Timah Tbk Mentok}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Tinindo Inter Nusa}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub PT Tommy Utama}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Indonesia}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Resind Ind\u250?stria e Com\u233?rcio Ltda.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Rui Da Hung}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Taiwan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Soft Metais Ltda.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Super Ligas}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Thai Nguyen Mining and Metallurgy Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Vietnam}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Thaisarco}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Thailand}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin Technology\u160?& Refining}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tuyen Quang Non-ferrous Metals Joint Stock Company}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Vietnam}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub VQB Mineral and Trading Group JSC }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Vietnam}}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}{\*\bkmkstart BKMK_19}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_19}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx1167 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx7146 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx11520 \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Mineral}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Smelter or Refiner Name}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Country Location of Smelter or Refiner}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub White Solder Metalurgia e Minera\u231?\u227?o Ltda.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Yunnan Chengfeng Non-ferrous Metals Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Yunnan Tin Company Limited}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tin}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Yunnan Yunfan Non-ferrous Metals Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub A.L.M.T. Corp.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub ACL Metais Eireli}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Albasteel Industria e Comercio de Ligas Para Fundicao Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Artek LLC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Asia Tungsten Products Vietnam Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Vietnam}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Chenzhou Diamond Tungsten Products Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China Molybdenum Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Chongyi Zhangyuan Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CNMC (Guangxi) PGMA Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub CP Metals Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States of America}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Cronimet Brasil Ltda}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Brazil}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Fujian Ganmin RareMetal Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Fujian Jinxin Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Fujian Xinlu Tungsten }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Ganzhou Haichuang Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Ganzhou Huaxing Tungsten Products Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Ganzhou Jiangwu FerroTungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Ganzhou Seadragon W\u160?& Mo Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub GEM Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Global Tungsten\u160?& Powders Corporation}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Guangdong Xianglu Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub H.C. Starck Smelting GmbH\u160?& Co. KG }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub H.C. Starck Tungsten GmbH}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Germany}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Hunan Chenzhou Mining Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Hunan Chuangda Vanadium Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd. Wuji}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Hunan Chunchang Non-ferrous Metals Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Hunan Litian Tungsten Industry Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Hydrometallurg, JSC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan New Metals Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Japan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangwu H.C. Starck Tungsten Products Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangxi Gan Bei Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangxi Minmetals Gao\u8217?an Non-ferrous Metals Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangxi Tonggu Non-ferrous Metallurgical\u160?& Chemical Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}\par
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx1167 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx7146 \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clvertalc\cellx11520 {\*\bkmkstart BKMK_20}{\*\bkmkend BKMK_20}\pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Mineral}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Smelter or Refiner Name}}}\cell \pard \intbl\qc\vertalc \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub {\b Country Location of Smelter or Refiner}}}\cell \row}
{\trowd\trleft0\clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx1167 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx7146 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw18\brdrcf0\cellx11520 \pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangxi Xianglu Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd. }}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangxi Xinsheng Tungsten Industry Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Jiangxi Yaosheng Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub JSC Kirovgrad Hard Alloys Plant}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kennametal Fallon}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Kennametal Huntsville}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub KGETS CO.,\u160?LTD.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Lianyou Metals Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Taiwan}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Malipo Haiyu Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Masan Tungsten Chemical LLC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Vietnam}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Moliren Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Niagara Refining LLC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub United States}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub NPP Tyazhmetprom LLC}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Philippine Chuangxin Industrial Co.,\u160?Inc.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Philippines}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub South-East Nonferrous Metal Company Limited of Hengyang City}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tejing (Vietnam) Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Vietnam}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Unecha Refractory Metals Plant}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Russian Federation}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Wolfram Bergbau und H\u252?tten AG}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Austria}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Woltech Korea Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Republic of Korea}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Xiamen Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Xiamen Tungsten (H.C.) Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Xinfeng Huarui Tungsten\u160?& Molybdenum New Material Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row
\pard \intbl \li72 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Tungsten}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub Xinhai Rendan Shaoguan Tungsten Co.,\u160?Ltd.}}\cell \pard \intbl \li54 {\fs18 {\nosupersub China}}\cell \row}
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 Countries of origin from which these facilities may source conflict minerals include:}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Afghanistan}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\u197?land Islands}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Albania}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {American Samoa}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Andorra}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Angola}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Argentina}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Armenia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Australia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Austria}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Belarus}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Belgium}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Bermuda}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Bolivia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Brazil}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Bulgaria}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Burundi}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Cambodia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Canada}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Central African Republic}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Chile}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {China}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Colombia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Democratic Republic of the Congo}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Djibouti}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Dominica}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Dominican Republic}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Ecuador}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Egypt}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Eritrea}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Estonia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Ethiopia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Finland}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {France}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Germany}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Ghana}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Guinea}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Guyana}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Hungary}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {India}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Indonesia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Ireland}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Israel}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Italy}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Japan}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Kazakhstan}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Kenya}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Kyrgyzstan}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Liberia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Lithuania}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Luxembourg}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Madagascar}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Malaysia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {\u160?}}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \pagebb {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sb216 {\fs18 {\u160?}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Mali}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Mauritania}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Mexico}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Mongolia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Morocco}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Mozambique}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Myanmar}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Namibia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Netherlands}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {New Zealand}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Niger}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Nigeria}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Panama}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Papua New Guinea}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Peru}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Philippines}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Poland}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Portugal}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Republic of the Congo}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Republic of Korea}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Russian Federation}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Rwanda}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Saudi Arabia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Sierra Leone}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Singapore}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Slovakia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Slovenia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {South Africa}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {South Sudan}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Spain}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Sudan}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Suriname}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Sweden}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Switzerland}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Taiwan}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Tajikistan}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Tanzania}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Thailand}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Turkey}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Uganda}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {United Arab Emirates}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {United Kingdom}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {United States}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Uzbekistan}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Vietnam}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Zambia}}\par
\pard {\fs18 {Zimbabwe}}\par
\pard {\fs18 \u160?}\par
\pard \sl-1 \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1\qc \par
\pard \sb216 \sl-1 \par
}
