{\rtf1\mac\deff20 {\fonttbl{\f20\froman Times;}{\f2\froman New York;}{\f3\fswiss Geneva;}{\f2010\fnil Times New Roman;}{\f21\fswiss Helvetica;}}{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\fs24 Normal;}{\s1\fs24\sbasedon0\snext0 Normal;}{\s2\fs24\sbasedon0\snext0 ¥Default Style;}}\margl1440 \margr1440 \margt1440 \margb1440 \ftnbj \sectd \sbknone\pard \f20\fs24{\f2\b\par\parSUPPLEMENTARY  INFORMATION\par\parMarsha Forest and Jack Pearpoint\'3a}{\f3\b   \par\par}{\f2010 Marsha Forest and Jack Pearpoint established themselves as independent Canadian Publishers and catalysts for Inclusion, Diversity, Teamwork and Change.  Marsha and Jack led and created workshops, seminars, and institutes to support organizations to move forward. That work carries on through }{\f2010\b Inclusion Press}{\f2010  and the }{\f2010\b Inclusion Network}{\f2010 .\par\parMarsha and Jack are internationally recognized for their pioneering and colourful planning tools\'3a }{\f2010\b MAPS}{\f2010  and }{\f2010\b PATH,}{\f2010  }{\f2010\b Circles of Friends, Solution Circles, The Talking Stick Reflection, Creating an All Star Company}{\f2010  and the }{\f2010\b Graphics Academy}{\f2010 . }{\f2010\b Process Facilitation}{\f2010 , music, storytelling and other tools are used to help transform organizations, families and individuals. The techniques are used in Universities, Colleges, Businesses, Education systems, and Human Service organizations, as well as with families and individuals around the globe.\par\par}{\f2010\b Jack Pearpoint}{\f2010  was born and attended university in Saskatchewan.  He spent seven years with the Canadian Peace Corps (}{\f2010\b CUSO}{\f2010 ) doing community development work in Ghana and Nigeria. On returning to Canada, he became the youngest President of }{\f2010\b Frontier College}{\f2010 , Canada\rquote s National Adult Education Organization, promoting literacy for all. Jack was the President of }{\f2010\b Frontier College}{\f2010  for 16 years and helped put literacy on the Canadian agenda. He also pioneered The }{\f2010\b Help Program}{\f2010 , a job creation program for ex-cons, and }{\f2010\b Beat the Street}{\f2010 , a street literacy project.  He is a creative administrator, author of }{\f2010\b\i From Behind the Piano}{\f2010 , and producer/director of several educational videos. Jack is a graphic facilitator. His Inclusion/Exclusion poster has been circulated widely.  Jack was a visiting Professor at }{\f2010\b McGill University}{\f2010\rquote s faculty of leadership and administration and served for ten years on the Summer Institute on Integrated Education and Community at McGill.\par\parJack continues publishing, developing new material, and delivering training seminars and workshops.  He is committed to carrying the work forward, in collaboration with John O\rquote Brien and other colleagues through the newly established }{\f2010\b Inclusion Network}{\f2010 .\par\par\par}{\f2\fs28\b HISTORY OF THE CENTRE, THE PRESS & THE NETWORK\'3a\par\par}{\f2010 In 1989, Marsha and Jack, along with Judith Snow and Father Patrick Mackan, founded the }{\f2010\b Center for Integrated Education and Community.  }{\f2010  The Centre has recently been renamed }{\f2010\b The Marsha Forest Centre\'3a  Inclusion.Family.Community}{\f2010 .  It is a small registered Canadian Charity devoted to building inclusive education and community.\par\parJack and Marsha created }{\f2010\b Inclusion Press International}{\f2010  in 1990. They co-directed this small, successful Canadian Publishing Company. The Press publishes jargon free books, videos and materials on inclusion, diversity, teamwork and change.\par\parThe common vision for the }{\f2010\b Centre}{\f2010 , the }{\f2010\b Press}{\f2010  and the }{\f2010\b Network}{\f2010  is to make the world a more just and humane place for all to live. The Motto\'3a "}{\f2010\i Together We\rquote re Better}{\f2010 "; The Commitment\'3a }{\f2010\i All Means ALL}{\f2010 .   Their work emanates from a passionate commitment to creating a world where each truly belongs and is welcomed wholeheartedly into communities of Capacity and Giftedness.  Their work contributes to the larger human rights movement with diverse allies and advocates for real change and renewal in society. In 1996, the }{\f2010\b Toronto Summer Institute on Inclusion, Community and Diversity}{\f2010  was created, following on from the }{\f2010\b McGill Summer Institute}{\f2010  \endash  which developed leadership capacity on inclusion for a decade.  The next stages of inspiring new leaders in this movement for social change will be the focus of the }{\f2010\b Inclusion Network.\par\par}{\f2010 In 2001,}{\f2010\b  Inclusion Network}{\f2010  was formed to expand the training and problem solving capacity of the Centre and the Press.  It will focus on building a network of excellent trainers and training events to expand and share the '}{\f2010\b Tools for Change}{\f2010 ' that have been developed over the decades. Organizational development and problem solving will also be a focus of the efforts of the }{\f2010\b Inclusion Network.\par\par}{\f2010 Jack carries forward the enthusiasm and passion of the work through the efforts of the }{\f2010\b Centre}{\f2010 , the }{\f2010\b Press}{\f2010  and the }{\f2010\b Network}{\f2010 , doing workshops internationally, and helping people and organizations that want real change. \par\par}{\f21 Visit the Web Page\'3a  }{\f21\b http\'3a//inclusion.com\par}}