{\rtf1\ansi\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0606020202030204}Arial Narrow;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}{\stylesheet{\fs24 \snext0 Normal;}}\pard\plain \margl1440\margr1440 {\footer \pard\plain \tqr\tx9360 \fs20 {\tab Page }{\field{\*\fldinst PAGE}{\fldrslt 1}}{\par }}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\psz1\linex2949\headery864\endnhere\titlepg\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj\sftnrestart {\header \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr Vita for Ayesha Khurshid\par }{\headerf \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\qr \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Curriculum Vitae}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn {\b\fs28 Ayesha Khurshid}\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }{\pard \qc\keepn January 22, 2019\par }{\fs8 \pard \keepn \par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b General Information}\par }\pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 University address:\tab Educational Leadership and Policy Studies\line College of Education\line Stone Building 1209\line Florida State University\line Tallahassee, Florida 32306-4452\line Phone: 8506447078\line \par \pard \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-2160\li2160\tx2160 E-mail address:\tab akhurshid@fsu.edu\par \pard \pard \keepn \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Preparation}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2012\tab Ph.D., University of Wisconsin-Madison. Major: Education. Gender & Feminist Studies; International and Comparative Education; Anthropology of Education. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li2520 Khurshid, Ayesha. (2012). {\i Globalization, Women's Education, and Islamic Traditions of Modernity in a Transnational Community of Pakistani Women}. Unpublished doctoral dissertation, University of Wisconsin-Madison. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2005\tab M.S., University Of Wisconsin-Madison. Major: Human Ecology. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li2520 Khurshid, Ayesha. (2005). {\i Stigma and Untouchability for Three Generations of Pakistani Punjabi Christians}. Unpublished master's thesis, University Of Wisconsin-Madison. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2000\tab M.S., Quaid-i-Azam University, Islamabad, Pakistan. Major: Economics. Development Economics. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1998\tab B.A., Punjab University, Pakistan. Major: Economics & Mathematics. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Professional Experience}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2018\u8211?present\tab Associate Professor, Educational Leadership & Policy Studies, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2015\u8211?present\tab Affiliated Faculty, Middle Eastern Studies, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2014\u8211?present\tab Affiliated Faculty, South Asian Media & Cultural Studies, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2012\u8211?2018\tab Assistant Professor, Educational Leadership & Policy Studies, Florida State University. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2006\u8211?2011\tab Literacy Practicum Supervisor-Teacher Education, University of Wisconsin-Madison. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2003\u8211?2011\tab Teaching and Research Assistant, Curriculum and Instruction, Human Development and Family Studies, University of Wisconsin-Madison. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2010\tab International Development Consultant, Developments in Literacy-Pakistan. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2004\u8211?2010\tab Lecturer-Multicultural Education, Independent Learning Program, University of Wisconsin-Madison. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2008\tab Instructor-Writing, University of Wisconsin-Madison Pre-College Enrichment Opportunity Program (PEOPLE). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 2000\u8211?2003\tab International Development Researcher, Sustainable Development Policy Institute-Islamabad, Pakistan. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-1800\li1800\tx1800 1997\tab Elementary School Teacher, Fountainhead School, Islamabad, Pakistan. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Language Proficiency}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 English - native in speaking, reading, and writing.\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Hindi - fluent in speaking; none in reading and writing.\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Punjabi - advanced in speaking and reading; rudimentary in writing.\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Urdu - native in speaking, reading, and writing.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Honors, Awards, and Prizes}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 The Committee on Faculty Research Support Award (COFRS), Florida State University (2018). ($14,000). \par \pard \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Marvalene Hughes Research Distinction Award, Florida State University (2013). ($1,000). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Fellowship(s)}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Mellon Foundation Dissertation Fellowship (2011\u8211?2012).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 University of Wisconsin-Madison Vilas Fellowship (2010).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Tashia F. Morgridge Wisconsin Distinguished Graduate Fellowship (2008\u8211?2009).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Thora Wick Homme Memorial Scholarship (2008\u8211?2009).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 University of Wisconsin-Madison Vilas Fellowship (2009).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Conference Travel Grant, Department of Human Development and Family Studies, University of Wisconsin-Madison (2005).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Current Membership in Professional Organizations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 American Anthropological Association \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 American Educational Research Association \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Comparative and International Education Society \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Sociologists for Women and Society \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Teaching}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Courses Taught}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Anthropology of Education (EDF5612)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Qualitative Research Methods (EDF 6475)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Foundations of Education (EDF5743)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Gender & Education (EDF5706)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Multicultural Education (EDF5887)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 International Development Education (EDF5850)\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Children's Literature-University of Wisconsin-Madison\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Teaching of Learning and Language Arts-University of Wisconsin-Madison\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Teaching of Writing to Diverse Learners-Univerity of Wisconsin-Madison\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 African American Families-University of Wisconsin-Madison\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Research Methods-University of Wisconsin-Madison\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Development of the Young Child-University of Wisconsin-Madison\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Supervision of Clinical Practice}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Literacy Practicum-Teacher Education, University of Wisconsin-Madison (2011)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b New Course Development}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Foundations of Education (2015)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Doctoral Committee Chair}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Mays, T., graduate. (2018).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Pfister, T. M., graduate. (2018).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Bowen, A., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Schoenberger, L., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Abdullah, T., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 LaShanda, A., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Leyava, E. R., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Marshall, B., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Vajjhala, M., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 You, J., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Marin-Velasquez, M. M., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Pitts, B. R., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Brown, N. V., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Doctoral Committee Cochair}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Dilks, J. D., graduate. (2018).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Doctoral Committee Member}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Gordon, B. G., graduate. (2019).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Reid, K., graduate. (2018). [Student in Sociocultural & International Development Education Studies Program]\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Alazmi, F. M., graduate. (2017). [Student in the Department of Art Education]\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Patterson, S. M., graduate. (2015). [Student in Higher Education Program]\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Davis, J. W., graduate. (2015). [Student in Educational Policy & Evaluation Program]\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Arango, M. P., doctoral candidate. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wang, H., doctoral candidate.  [Student in International & Foreign Languages Program]\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Saba, A., doctoral candidate.  [Student in Education Policy Studies at Indiana University]\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wei, Yi-Wen, doctoral candidate.  [Student in the Department of Art Education]\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Rivero, K. R., doctoral student.  [Student in the School of Teacher Education]\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Caruso, E., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Danielson, C., doctoral student. \par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Allen, A., doctoral student.  [Student in the Department of Art Education]\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Howard, C. C., doctoral student.  [Student in Educational Policy & Evaluation Program]\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Tawfeeq, W. A., doctoral student.  [Student in the School of Teacher Education]\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Master's Committee Chair}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Liu, S., graduate. (2018).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Sullivan, D. D., graduate. (2018).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Taylor, A. C., graduate. (2017).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Vajjhala, M., graduate. (2017).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Hicks, K. R., graduate. (2016).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Crosier, E. W., graduate. (2016).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Wei, S., graduate. (2016).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Aguda, C. C., graduate. (2015).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Isaqzai, S., graduate. (2015).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Kasper, V. P., graduate. (2015).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Rodriguez, J. J., graduate. (2015).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Clark, C., graduate. (2014).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Gowens, W., graduate. (2014).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Odom, T. H., graduate. (2014).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Clarke, C. D., graduate. (2014).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Denson, M., student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Master's Committee Member}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\fi-720\li720 Dyehouse, A. R., graduate. (2017). [Religion]\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Iino, K., graduate. (2017).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Burke, C. E., graduate. (2017).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Fryer, J. G., graduate. (2016).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Beg-Ali, I., graduate. (2015).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Brown, M. T., graduate. (2015).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Rymniak, Z. J., graduate. (2015).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Reid, K., graduate. (2014).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Causapin, C. E. P., graduate. (2013).\par \pard \pard \fi-720\li720 Rau, J. A., student. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Supervision of Student Research Not Related to Thesis or Dissertation}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Lieber, A. (2015\u8211?present). \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Research and Original Creative Work}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Program of Research and/or Focus of Original Creative Work}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn My program of research focuses on the connections between women's education, empowerment, and modernity in Muslim communities. I examine how "empowered" subjects are imagined, produced, and contested in local and global educational policies and practices that aim to modernize Muslim societies. \par \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Publications}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2017). "Disempowering" empowerment of Muslim women: The Western discourses of Muslim women, Muslim families, and Islam. {\i Maydan}, 0-10.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Journal Articles}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (in press). Love marriage or arranged marriage? Choice, rights, and empowerment for educated Muslim women from rural and low-income Pakistani communities. {\i Compare: A Journal of Comparative and International Education}, 29 pages.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Shah, P. (in press). Islam, Culture, and Education: Narratives of Gendered Modernity and Empowerment from Pakistan and India. {\i Gender and Education}, 30 pages.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2017). Does education empower women? The regulated empowerment of parhi likhi women in Pakistan. {\i Anthropology & Education Quarterly}, {\i 48}, 252-268.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Pitt, B. (2017). Malala: The story of a Muslim girl and a Muslim nation. {\i Discourse Studies in the Cultural Politics of Education}, {\i 00}, 24.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Saba, A. (2017). Contested womanhood: Becoming educated & empowered in rural Muslim communities in Pakistan. {\i Discourse:Studies in the Cultural Politics of Education}, {\i 00}, 30.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Shah, P. (2017). "Local Moderns" & "Local Traditionals:" Clothing & gendered educated subjectivities in Pakistan and India. {\i Gender & Education}, {\i 00}, 30.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Shah, P., & Khurshid, A. (2017). Writing against culture: Unveiling education & modernity for Hindu Indian and Muslim Pakistani women through a collaborative ethnographic project. {\i International Journal of Qualitative Studies in Education}, 28.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2016). Empowered to contest the terms of empowerment? Empowerment and development in a transnational women's education project. (FEATURED ARTICLE). {\i Comparative Education Review}, {\i 60}, 619-643.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2016). From gender parity to gender (in)equity: Women's education among rural communities in Pakistan. {\i International Journal of Educational Development}, {\i 51}, 43-50.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2014). Islamic traditions of modernity: Gender, class, and Islam in a transnational women's education project. {\i Gender and Society}, {\i 21}, 98-121.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2012). A transnational community of Pakistani Muslim women: Narratives of rights, wisdom, and honor in a women's education project. {\i Anthropology and Education Quarterly}, {\i 43}, 235-252.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Gomez, M. L., Khurshid, A., Freitag, M. B., & Johnson, A. L. (2011). Everyday racial microaggressions in graduate students' lives: How they are encountered and their consequences. {\i Teaching and Teacher Education}, {\i 27}, 1189-1199.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Dilworth-Bart, J., Khurshid, A., & Vandell, D. L. (2007). Do maternal stress and home environment mediate the relation between early income-to-need and 54-months attentional abilities? {\i Infant and Child Development}, {\i 16(5)}, 525-552.\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Book Chapters}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2010). The politics of inclusion and the search for the "other:" The international education policies and the politics of difference in Pakistan. In Carl A. Grant, & Agostino Portera (Eds.), {\i Intercultural and Multicultural Education: Enhancing Global Interconnectedness} (pp. 245-260). New York: Routledge. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Grant, C., & Khurshid, A. (2008). Multicultural education in a global context: Addressing the varied perspectives and themes. In Andrea Kazmias, & Bon Cowen (Eds.), {\i International Handbook of Comparative Education} (pp. 403-416). Netherlands: Springer. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Book Chapters}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Leyava, E. (in press). Arranged Empowerment vs. Empowering Arrangements: Narratives of Muslim Women Teachers from Pakistani Rural Communities. In Gomez L. Mary, & Lachuk J. Amy (Eds.), {\i Emotions for Teaching and Teacher Education for Social Justice} (20 pages). New York: Teachers College Record. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (in press). Women's Education & Shifting Patriarchy. In Holly Mathews & Adriana Manago (Ed.), {\i The Psychology of Patriarchy} (30 pages). Santa Fe: School for Advanced Research. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2016). Globalized local and localized global in a women's education project in Pakistan. In M. Fernanda Astiz and Motoko Akiba (Ed.), {\i The Global and the Local: New Perspectives in Comparative Education} (pp. 28). Rotterdam, The Netherlands: Sense Publications. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Guerrero, M. (2016). Malala Yousafzai as an Empowered Victim: The Media Narratives of Girls' education, Islam, and Modernity. In Joan DeJaeghere, Kate McCleary, & Jasmina Josic (Ed.), {\i Education & Youth Agency: Qualitative Case Studies in Global Contexts} (pp. 25). New York: Springer. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Popkewitz, T., Khurshid, A., & Weili, Z. (2015). Comparative Studies and the Reasons of Reason. In Leoncio Vega (Ed.), {\i Empires, Post-Coloniality, and Interculturality: New Challenges for Comparative Education} (pp. 25). Rotterdam, The Netherlands: Sense Publications. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Encyclopedia Entries}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Pitts, B. (in press). Media, Malala Yousafzai, & the Girl Effect. In D.T. Thomas & E. Burman (Ed.), {\i The SAGE Encyclopedia of Children and Childhood Studies} (Vol. 1, p. 10). Thousand Oaks, CA: SAGE Publications Inc. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Reviews}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2014). Chaddars and pink collars in Pakistan: Gender, work, and the global economy. In South Asian Dissertation Review (Ed.), {\i South Asian Dissertation Review} (pp. 4). South Asian Dissertation Review. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Presentations}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Papers at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Shah, P. (presented 2018). {\i Tradition, Modernity, and Education in South Asia}. Paper presented at Comparative and International Education Society Conference, Comparative and International Education Society-South Asian SIG, Mexico City, Mexico. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Papers at Symposia}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2016). Education, Gender, and the Discourses of Inclusion/Exclusion. In {\i Make Room for Me: Widening the Circle for Diversity & Equity}. Symposium conducted at the meeting of FSU Fellows Forum, FSU Tallahassee. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2014). Virtuous Agents & Empowered Bodies: Ethnography of Women's Education and Islam in Pakistan. In Joseph Hellweg (Chair), {\i Explorations in Ethnography: Multidisciplinary Approaches in the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences}. Symposium conducted at the meeting of Florida State University, Tallahassee, Florida. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Papers at Conferences}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (accepted). {\i Becoming an Educated Woman in a Rural Village of Pakistan: (un)Making of Indigenous/Modernist Muslim Identity}. Paper to be presented at American Educational Research Association Conference, American Educational Research Association, Toronto, Canada. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (accepted). {\i Gender and Education in Transnational Contexts}. Paper to be presented at Comparative and International Education Society Conference, Comparative and International Education Society, San Francisco, California. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2018). {\i Love\u160\'A0or\u160\'A0Arranged marriage? Choice, Rights, and Empowerment for Educated Muslim women from Rural and Low-income Pakistani Communities}. Paper presented at Comparative & International Education Society Conference, Comparative & International Education Society, Mexico City, Mexico. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2018). {\i Muslim Girlhood: Media's Narrative of Muslim Girls, Communities, and Islam}. Paper presented at American Educational Research Association Conference, American Educational Research Association. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2017). {\i Gendered Performances of Education, Piety, and Empowerment by Muslim Professional Women in Pakistani Rural Communities}. Paper presented at CIES Gender Symposium, Comparative & International Education Studies, Washington, DC. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2017). {\i What Does it Mean to Practice "Choice?" Education & Gender Empowerment in Rural and Low-Income Communities in Pakistan}. Paper presented at American Educational Research Association Conference, American Educational Resaerch Association, San Antonio, TX. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Shah, P., & Khurshid, A. (presented 2017). {\i Writing against Culture: Unveiling Education & Modernity for Hindu Indian and Muslim Pakistani Women through a Collaborative Ethnographic Project}. Paper presented at Comparative & International Education Conference, Comparative & International Education Society, Atlanta, GA. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Guerrero, M. (presented 2016). {\i Malala Yusufzai As an Empowered Victim: The Media Narratives of Women's Education, Islam, and Modernity}. Paper presented at American Educational Research Association, American Educational Research Association, Washington, DC. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Shah, P. (presented 2016). {\i Decolonizing the Comparative: Gender, Education, and Development in India and Pakistan}. Paper presented at American Anthropological Association, American Anthropological Association, Denver, Colorado. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Shah, P. (presented 2016). {\i Decolonizing the Comparative: Gender, Education, and Development in India and Pakistan}. Paper presented at Comparative & International Education Society, Comparative & International Education Society, Vancouver, Canada. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2015). {\i Becoming Educated, Becoming Self-Disciplined: Women's Education & The Production Of "Virtuous Agents" In Pakistan}. Paper presented at Comparative and International Education Society Conference, Comparative and International Education Society, Washington, DC. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2015). {\i Becoming Educated, Becoming Self-Disciplined: Women's Education & The Production Of "Virtuous Agents" In Pakistan}. Paper presented at American Educational Research Association, American Educational Research Association, Chicago. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2015). {\i Parhi likhi Women as Virtuous Agents: Women's Education & the Regulation of Empowered Subjects in Pakistan}. Paper presented at International Conference on Gender and Education, Gender Studies Platform, London Centre for Social Studies, Bloomington, Indiana. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2015). {\i Women's Education & Shifting Patriarchy}. Paper presented at School for Advanced Research Seminar, School for Advanced Research. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2014). {\i Islam, Modernization, and Women's Education: Regulation and Emancipation of Women from Marginalized Communities in Pakistan}. Paper presented at Comparative and International Education Society Conference, Comparative and International Education, Toronto, Canada. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2014). {\i Participation as Quality Education: Case Study of a Teacher Education Program in Pakistan}. Paper presented at American Educational Research Association Conference, American Educational Research Association, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2014). {\i Production of Modern Muslim Womanhood in a Transnational Women's Education Project}. Paper presented at American Anthropological Association Conference, American Anthropological Association, Washington, DC. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2014). {\i The Habitus Of Empowerment: Constructing Intersectional and Transnational Muslim Womanhood Through Education}. Paper presented at American Educational Research Association Conference, American Educational Research Association, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2014). {\i Women's Education & The Production Of "Virtuous Agents" In Pakistan}. Paper presented at American Educational Research Association Conference, American Educational Research Association, Chicago. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2013). {\i Cultural Capital and Gender Performativity: Producing Modern Woman Across Borders and Boundaries}. Paper presented at XII Inter-American Symposium on Ethnography and Education, University of California-Los Angeles, Los Angeles. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2013). {\i Globalization, Nation-Making, and Muslim Womanhood: Narratives from a Transnational Women's Education Project}. Paper presented at Social Sciences History Association Conference, Social Sciences History Association, Chicago. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2013). {\i Islamic Traditions of Modernity in a Transnational Women's Education Project}. Paper presented at The Annual Conference of Comparative and International Education Society, Comparative and International Education Society, New Orleans, United States. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2013). {\i Islamic Traditions of Modernity: Gender, Class, and Islam in a Transnational Women's Education Project}. Paper presented at Research on Women and Education, American Educational Research Association, New Mexico. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2013). {\i Narratives of Rights, Honor, and Wisdom in a Transnational Women's Education Project}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting of American Educational Research Association, American Educational Research Association, San Francisco, US. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2013). {\i Women's Education and the Muslim Womanhood: The Local and Global Narratives of Modernity}. Paper presented at Annual Conference of Sociologists for Women in Society Conference, Sociologists for Women in Society, Santa Ana Pueblo, New Mexico. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Gomez, M. L., Khurshid, A., Freitag, M., & Amy, L. (presented 2012). {\i Everyday Racial Microaggressions in Graduate Students' lives}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting of American Educational Research Association, American Educational Research Association, Vancouver, BC, Canada. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2012). {\i Literacy and Modernity at the Nexus of Local and Global: Women Teachers Negotiating and Contesting International Literacy programs in Pakistan}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting of European Conference on Educational Research, European Conference on Educational Research, Berlin, Germany. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Gomez, M. L., Khurshid, A., & Freitag, M. (presented 2011). {\i The Experiences of Teaching Assistants of Color and those from International Contexts in Teaching and Supervising in an Elementary Education Program}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting of American Educational Research Association, American Educational Research Association, New Orleans, US. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Thomas, M. (presented 2010). {\i Technology and Education in Pakistan: Constructing the 'Modern' Citizen}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting of American Educational Research Association, American Educational Research Association, Denver, US. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2008). {\i Gendered Domestic and Public: The lives and Experiences of Pakistani Punjabi Christians Working as Sanitation Workers}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting of National Women's Studies Association, National Women's Studies Association, Reno, Nevada, US. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2007). {\i Untouchability of the "Untouchable" Women: The Intersections of Class, Caste, Gender, and Religion in Producing the Pakistani Christian Woman}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting of National Women's Studies Association, National Women's Studies Association, St. Charles, Illinois, US. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2006). {\i Politics and Ethics of Social Justice Research in the "Third World:" An Ethnographic Study of Pakistani Punjabi Christians}. Paper presented at Annual Meeting of International Conference of Qualitative Inquiry, International Conference of Qualitative Inquiry. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2006). {\i Shared Leadership for Effective Advocacy: A Case Study of a Pakistani Punjabi Christian Community}. Paper presented at Social Justice Conference on "After the Storm: Recognition, Recovery, and Empowerment, University of Wisconsin-Madison. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Refereed Papers at Symposia}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (presented 2016). Becoming Educated, Becoming Empowered: Gender, Islam, and Modernity in Rural Communities of Pakistan. In Emma Merry (Chair), {\i Gender, Conflict and Livelihoods Recovery}. Symposium conducted at the meeting of ODI-Londong and Sustainable Development Policy Institute, Islamabad, Pakistan. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Workshops}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2018). {\i Inclusion & Diversity}. Workshop delivered at FSU DIRECTO: The Diversity & Inclusion in Research & Teaching Organization, Tallahassee, FL. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2017). {\i Does Education Empower Women? Gender in Comparative Education}. Workshop delivered at Florida State University. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2017). {\i Education, Gender, Modernity, and Islam}. Workshop delivered at Texas A & M University, College Station, Texas. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2016). {\i Does Education Empower Women? Gender in Comparative Education}. Workshop delivered at Florida State University. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2016). {\i Education, Gender, and International Development}. Workshop delivered at Florida State Univeristy. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2016). {\i Multicultural Education Certification for FSU Faculty & Staff}. Workshop delivered at FSU Center for Leadership & Social Change, FSU Tallahassee. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2015). {\i Education, Gender, and International Development}. Workshop delivered at Florida State Univeristy. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2015). {\i Does Education Empower Women? Gender in Comparative Education}. Workshop delivered at Florida State Univeristy. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2014). {\i Education, Gender, and International Development}. Workshop delivered at Florida State Univeristy. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2014). {\i The Psychology of Patriarchy}. Workshop delivered at School for Advanced Research, Santa Fe, New Mexico, Santa Fe, New Mexico. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2013). {\i Diversity, Multiculturalism, and the Issues of Inclusion}. Workshop delivered at Beliot College. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2013). {\i Education, Gender, and International Development}. Workshop delivered at Florida State University. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2012). {\i Education, Gender, and International Development}. Workshop delivered at Florida State University. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Invited Lectures and Readings of Original Work}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2017). {\i Choice & Self-Regulation: Islam, Culture, and Modernity}. Delivered at University of Wisconsin-Madison. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2017). {\i Islamic Traditions of Modernity: Gender, Class, and Islam in a Transnational Women's Education Project}. Delivered at Texas A & M Univeristy. (State)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2016). {\i Malala Yousafzai as a Global Icon:\u160\'A0 Media Discourses on Girls' Education, Islam, and Modernity}. Delivered at Benedictine University, Lisle, Illinois, Lisle, Illinois. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2016). {\i Becoming Educated, Becoming Empowered: Gender, Islam, and Modernity in Rural Communities of Pakistan}. Delivered at Sustainable Development Policy Institute, Islamabad, Pakistan. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2016). {\i Pakistani Muslim Women, Education, and the Question of "Empowerment"}. Delivered at Benedictine University, Lisle, Illinois, Lisle, Illinois. (National)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2014). {\i International development, Conflict and Women's Education in Pakistan}. Delivered at International & Comparative Education Lecture Series, Tallahassee. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2013). {\i Ethnographic Study of a Transnational Women's Education Project}. Delivered at Florida State Univeristy. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2012). {\i Muslims and Media in Post 9/11 World}. Delivered at Florida State University Center for Global Engagement, Tallahassee, Florida. (Local)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2012). {\i Women's Education in Pakistan: The Contributions of Developments in Literacy (DIL)}. Delivered at Developments in Literacy, Los Angeles, US. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2012). {\i Women's Education in Pakistan: The Contributions of Developments in Literacy (DIL)}. Delivered at Developments in Literacy, Palo Alto, US. (International)\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Contracts and Grants}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Contracts and Grants Funded}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2013\u8211?2013). {\i Florida State University First Year Assistant Professor Grant}. Funded by Florida State Univeristy. Total award $20,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2012\u8211?2013). {\i Florida State University College of Education Multidisciplinary Grant Award}. Funded by Florida State Univeristy. Total award $4,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Milligan, J. (2012\u8211?2013). {\i Florida State University Faculty Library Materials Award}. Funded by Florida State University Libraries. Total award $12,000. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Contracts and Grants Pending}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (2016). {\i Educational Empowerment in South Asia}. Submitted to Vandermark Foundation. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Contracts and Grants Denied}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Renda Abu El-Haj, Thea, Ghaffar-Kucher, A., Khurshid, A., Ali, A., & Fine, M. (2015). {\i Young American Muslims Civic Engagement}. Submitted to Russell Sage. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Zulkowski, S., & Khurshid, A. (2015). {\i Providing Meaningful Educational Access for Urban Refugee Children: Academic and Social Integration in Pakistan and Kenya ($200,000)}. Submitted to US State Department. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A., & Boyle, H. (2014). {\i The Female Literacy Leader Empowerment Initiative ($500,000)}. Submitted to USAID. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Service}\par }\pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b Florida State University}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU University Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Organizing Member of the Conference, South Asia Media & Cultural Studies Conference (2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Faculty Advisor, Transcultural Research and Education Consortium (2013\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU College Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, College of Education Promotion & Tenure Committee (2018\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Chair, CORE (2018\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, CORE (2014\u8211?2018).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU Department Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Chair, Curriculum Committee (2018\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, ELPS Promotion & Tenure Committee (2018\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Faculty Development Committee (2016\u8211?2018).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Committee Member, Curriculum Committee (2013).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Committee Member, Job Search Committee (2012\u8211?2013).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b FSU Program Service}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Coordinator, International & Multicultural Education Program (2017\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, EdD Executive Committee (2015\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Coordinator, Educational Leadership & Policy Program (2017\u8211?2018).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, EdD Admissions Committee (2016\u8211?2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Coordinator, International & Multicultural Education Program (2014\u8211?2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Chair, Exam Committee (2015\u8211?2016).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Exam Committee (2014\u8211?2015).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Recruitment Committee (2013\u8211?2014).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn \par {\pard \qc\keepn {\b The Profession}\par }\pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn {\b Editorial Board Membership(s)}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Educational Researcher} (2017\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Guest Reviewer for Refereed Journals}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i International Journal of Qualitative Studies in Education} (2018\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Journal of Curriculum Studies} (2018\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Multicultural Perspectives} (Jun 2017\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Religion, State, & Society} (Apr 2017\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Educational Researcher} (May 2015\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Qualitative Sociology} (May 2015\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Journal of Educational Administration and Foundations} (Apr 2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Gender & Society} (Apr 2012\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Anthropology & Education Quarterly} (May 2014\u8211?May 2017).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i International Journal for Educational Psychology} (Aug 2013\u8211?May 2016).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Educational Policy Analysis Archives} (Jun\u8211?Dec 2015).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Reviewer for Textbooks}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 {\i Teacher reform around the work: Implementation and outcomes to be published in 2013 by Emerald Publ} (2012).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Chair of a Symposium}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Khurshid, A. (Chair). (2014). {\i Culturally and linguistically diverse students and special education: Perceptions of inclusion and parental involvement policy}. Symposium conducted at the meeting of American Educational Research Association, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. \par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Reviewer or Panelist for Grant Applications}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 National Science Foundation (2015).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Service to Professional Associations}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member-Early Careers Committee, Comparative & International Education Society (2015\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Reviewer for Conference Proposals, Comparative and International Education Society (2014\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Comparative and International Education Committee-South Asian SIG Best Dissertation Award (2013\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Member, Comparative and International Education Society-Gender Committee (2013\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Reviewer for Conference Proposals, American Educational Research Association (2012\u8211?present).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Reviewer for Conference Proposals Research, Research on Women in Education (2014\u8211?2015).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Organizer for the SouthEast Regional CIES Conference, Comparative and International Education Society (2013).\par \pard \pard \par \pard \par \pard \keepn {\b Interviews}\par \pard \keepn \par \pard \keepn\widctlpar\fi-720\li720 Dr. Howard Gluss. (2012, October). The Taliban and women's rights. {\i "Trailblazers" News-Talk Show on Radio Channel KFNX 1100}. \par \pard \pard \par }